# Spring Bridal Event at Huntington Fine Jewelers

OKLAHOMA CITY, OK, March 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Enjoy incredible savings on beautiful bridal rings at Huntington Fine Jewelers April 5-6 and 12-13 when you visit their Oklahoma jewelry stores in Midwest City, Norman, Oklahoma City, Shawnee, Stillwater, and Yukon. Up to 50% off your dream wedding band by well-known designers and great savings on gorgeous engagement rings that will change your life.   Choose whichever weekend, either April 5-6 or April 12-13, works best for you to find the rings that symbolize your love while saving money at the same time. When you RSVP for the Spring Bridal Event at Huntington Fine Jewelers, receive an additional $100 off any ring you purchase during the event. Talk to the professionals in each Oklahoma jewelry store about special financing for the next five years  Explore Huntington Fine Jewelers' wonderful selection of bridal designers they showcase in their jewelry stores that will help define your romance. From the beauty of TACORI, Simon G., or A.JAFFE to the phenomenal designs by Bleu Royale, Noam Carver, or CrownRing. Discover all the fabulous wedding bands they have to offer during these two weekends in April.   With over 35 years of experience, the teams at Huntington Fine Jewelers jewelry stores throughout Oklahoma will be able to assist you in finding the bridal rings that will be ideal for your love. Contact their Midwest City, Norman, Oklahoma City, Yukon, Stillwater, or their Shawnee, Oklahoma jewelry stores for more information about the event, their selection, or their professional services.  About Huntington Fine Jewelers   For over 35 years, Huntington Fine Jewelers has served the greater Oklahoma City area with the finest engagement rings, wedding bands, fine jewelry, certified loose diamonds, and Swiss-made timepieces. Since their grand opening in Oklahoma City the retailer has grown in both square footage and staff, all while maintaining the personal level of customer service they have been known for. Today, customers can enjoy jewelry and watch collections from some of the top brands in the industry as well as the company's premier jewelry design and repair services. For more information visit their website at www.huntingtonfinejewelers.com, send an email to info@huntingtonfinejewelers.com or visit their showrooms in person. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509681/spring-bridal-event-at-huntington-fine-jewelers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1brbvwb/save_big_on_bridal_rings_at_huntington_fine/