# First Paramedical Tattoo Studio in San Joaquin County

STOCKTON, CA, August 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Skin & Shades Studio, a new center offering paramedical and camouflage tattooing in San Joaquin County, held its ribbon-cutting on Sunday.  Paramedical tattooing is revolutionizing the world of permanent makeup by offering a powerful tool for restoring physical integrity and supporting psychological recovery after trauma. This advanced technique is designed to camouflage scars, stretch marks, and skin discoloration by applying skin-colored pigments.  Paramedical tattoo artists can also recreate the appearance of certain body parts, such belly buttons, using realism techniques. One of the most common and impactful applications is the creation of 3D areola tattoos, a service that has become especially meaningful for breast cancer survivors. These tattoos help to restore not only physical appearance but also a sense of confidence and wholeness for those who have undergone mastectomies or other reconstructive surgeries.  "Many people wear their scars proudly to remember their journey, but in many cases, scars can be negative reminders of traumatic events, or they may leave someone feeling different," said Jennie Rodriguez, owner of Skin & Shades Studio. "I wanted to provide a unique service that helps restore someone's confidence.  "Paramedical tattooing represents a new frontier in both cosmetic and restorative care, providing individuals with an opportunity to reclaim their appearance and, in many cases, their emotional well-being."  Founder Jennie Rodriguez has received certificated training in camouflage tattooing, dark scar neutralization, stretch mark/scar revision, and areola tattooing. She is a licensed tattoo artist in San Joaquin County. Rodriguez also holds a master's degree in health administration.  Skin & Shades Studio provides a transformative service in a studio that resembles a spa environment. Licensed by the San Joaquin County Environmental Health Department, the studio's services include revision of scars and stretch marks with pigments and healing serum; skin-color camouflage of scars, stretch marks, and discolorations; neutralization of dark scars; and 3D areola tattooing. Treatments can be applied to scars that range from burns, surgeries, injuries, and acne to self-harm and former drug injection use. Skin & Shades Studio is located at 37 W. Yokuts Ave., Suite B, Studio 5, Stockton, CA., inside Sola Salons, a building that houses small independently owned salons and studios.   Public Information: Website: www.SkinShadesStudio.com Booking: Skinshadesstudio.glossgenius.com Email: Skinshadesstudio@outlook.com Instagram: @Skinshadesstudio  PRESS ONLY – NOT FOR PUBLICATION: PR Contact Name: Jennie Rodriguez Phone number: (209) 403-4216  Or email 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513577/first-paramedical-tattoo-studio-in-san-joaquin-county) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 