# Craig, Kelley & Faultless Attorney Now Licensed to Practice Law in Iowa

INDIANAPOLIS, IN, July 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- With attorney Sidney Lewellen's recent admission into the Iowa bar, Indianapolis-based law firm Craig, Kelley & Faultless LLC is now licensed to practice law in Iowa and five more states.  Craig, Kelley & Faultless is proud to announce that Sidney, who holds licenses in Indiana and the U.S. District Court's Northern and Southern districts of Indiana, is spreading the firm's reach even farther. Attorneys here represent personal injury victims in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio, and Iowa.  Sidney started working at Craig, Kelley & Faultless during her first year of law school over three years ago and was admitted to practice law in Indiana in October 2023. Alongside other attorneys, Sidney helps truck-wreck victims through the most difficult periods of their lives and holds people and companies accountable for their actions.  Her work at the firm fulfills her lifelong dream of becoming a lawyer. She grew up in Columbia City, Indiana, and earned her undergraduate degree in philosophy from Ball State University. She then went to IU McKinney School of Law for her J.D. and graduated second in her class. Her current role involves handling discovery matters, drafting legal briefs and talking to new clients.  "Our firm does important work," Sidney said, "and I am proud to be able to help us reach more people who need our help."  About Craig, Kelley & Faultless   Craig, Kelley & Faultless is headquartered in Indianapolis and has offices in Indiana and St. Louis, Missouri. The firm represents clients who have survived horrible accidents or lost loved ones in wrecks. With attorneys board-certified in commercial truck accident law, clients can receive financial compensation and work toward recovery. Craig, Kelley & Faultless can be contacted at 1-888-253-5198, online, and additional information can be found on Facebook or LinkedIn. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512233/craig-kelley-faultless-attorney-now-licensed-to-practice-law-in-iowa)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1du8dm4/craig_kelley_faultless_llc_expands_reach_with/