# Norman Brewer's Political Thriller, 'Blending In', Reveals The Realities Of Domestic Terrorism And Its Horrific Impact On Society

WILMINGTON, NC, July 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Preventing domestic terrorism attacks is a challenge unlike any other. It involves massive resources and sophisticated intelligence gathering. The ideologically driven nature of domestic terrorist groups complicates efforts to predict and prevent attacks. It is extremely difficult for authorities to track the activities and intentions of these groups. And the nature of such attacks - coming from within - foment fear and mistrust within our communities. The end effect is that domestic terrorism disrupts the very fabric of society, fostering an atmosphere of suspicion and division. It is too late to stop domestic terrorism - it is here. And that is the subject of Norman Brewer's political thriller novel, 'Blending In: A Tale Of Homegrown Terrorism' (The Anti-Hero Rebellions Book 1).  'Blending In' is a gripping exploration of domestic terrorism as told through two anti-heroes who defy conventional stereotypes. Unlike typical portrayals of terrorists as isolated extremists, Stickman and Maple are everyday individuals who seamlessly blend into society while secretly plotting catastrophic attacks. This makes this narrative all the more compelling and thought-provoking.  The novel details planned attacks on soft targets, including a press conference in Washington, D.C., and a bustling mall in the American Heartland. As other extremists rally to their cause, the tension escalates, leaving readers to grapple with the urgent question: Can these homegrown terrorists be stopped? The story provides a haunting reflection on the nature of extremism and the thin veneer of normalcy that can mask the most dangerous threats, found right here in our streets.  Readers and reviewer have high praise for 'Blending In'. One Amazon reviewer said, "Fantastic read - the best I have read all year! Relaying the story from inside the homegrown terrorist mind is brilliant as it takes the reader through intertwining actions of terrorism. Too realistic for comfort . . . "  Another said, "Excellent, just excellent! Brewer has written an extremely interesting book. Very, very believable. Non-stop action. Taken together with his follow-up book, Killer Politics, he has raised the standard for this genre. I can't wait to see what he writes next!"  Another stated, "For fans of thriller novels, Blending In does not disappoint. Characters are well developed throughout the story, with non-stop action that is not only lively, but also frighteningly realistic. It's one of those books that can be easily imagined as someday becoming a movie."  'Blending In' is Book 1 in The Anti-Hero Rebellions series. In Book 2, 'Killer Politics: A Satirical Tale of Homegrown Terrorism,' a Trump-like president inspires a white supremacist to launch attacks on innocents in a ruthless bid to incite civil war – and defend the "American way of life." Hoss, the supremacist, teams up with a "Most Wanted" terrorist to attack a rock concert, contaminate the food supply, destroy a reservoir, and flood homeowners living downstream. People die. Fear mounts. A rogue FBI agent is in hot pursuit. Razor-edged satire, aimed at a so-called President Tower, is "keen and stinging," one reviewer said.  Book 3 in the series is his latest political thriller, 'January 6: A Novel'. In this masterful political tale, democracy is assaulted when the President's rally morphs into a mob and storms the Capitol. Right-wing extremists take the House Speaker hostage, force a horrific standoff, and unleash terrorist attacks nationwide. The President weighs declaring martial law to restore order – and justify refusing to leave office.  In their review, Midwest Book Review stated, "Although a work of fiction, 'January 6: A Novel' provides genuine and vivid insider glimpses of what might come next in 2024 in real life. All kingdoms, empires, and nations throughout history have risen, flourished, and then fallen. America may not be an exception. Following a disputed election in 2020 and the possibility of an insurrectionist political candidate being once more defeated at the polls, the very real possibility of what is described in 'January 6: A Novel' makes it an unreservedly recommended addition to community and college/university library collections – and essential reading for those with interest in politics, terrorism, freedom, and the future of the United States of America."  Norman Brewer was interviewed on The Authors Show. His interview can be accessed at https://wnbnetworkwest.com/channel/1/?play=January%206%3A%20A%20Novel. He is available for media interviews and can be reached by email at bbyb1@outlook.com. All of the books in the Anti-Hero Rebellions series are available in paperback and ebook versions at Amazon and other book retailers.  About Norman Brewer:  Norman Brewer is an award-winning reporter and editor who worked for The Des Moines Register and Tribune and for Gannett News Service in Washington, D.C. As a reporter, he covered Congress, the White House, and federal agencies, and pursued investigative projects that earned recognition, including from the National Press Club. He was also Director of Employee Communications at the U.S. Transportation Security Administration.  His experience has given him a powerful perspective regarding the January 6, 2021 insurrection at the Capitol, domestic terrorism, and the political landscape. Exposure to terrorism issues helped shape 'January 6: A Novel' as well as two earlier novels, 'Blending In: A Tale of Homegrown Terrorism,' and 'Killer Politics: A Satirical Tale of Homegrown Terrorism.' 'Killer Politics' can be read as a stand-alone book or as a sequel to 'Blending In.'  Brewer lives in Portland, Ore. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512178/norman-brewers-political-thriller-blending-in-reveals-the-realities-of-domestic-terrorism-and-its-horrific-impact-on-society) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 