# The Citizens Commission on Human Rights of Florida Receives 2024 Bulldog PR Award for Campaigns to Protect Mental Health Human Rights

CLEARWATER, FL, July 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Recognized for their work to protect mental health human rights and to address coercive psychiatry, the Florida chapter of the Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) received Gold for their Mental Health Human Rights: Protection of Children campaign and Silver for their Protecting Mental Health Human Rights: Coercive Psychiatry campaign in the Best Issue/ Cause Advocacy Campaign in the 2024 Bulldog PR Awards.  Bulldog Reporter announced the winners noting that the Bulldog PR Awards are "the only PR awards program judged exclusively by journalists" and that the "Bulldog PR Awards offer a unique perspective on the most exceptional work within the industry."  As a mental health watchdog, CCHR has long fought to restore basic inalienable human rights to the field of mental health and CCHR Florida, which consists of a vast volunteer network, worked to expose blatant abuse of the use of involuntary psychiatric examination. This form of coercive psychiatry, commonly known as a Baker Act in Florida, was responsible for hundreds of thousands of involuntary psychiatric examinations each year.  Working closely with the rest of the team, Diane Stein, the President for CCHR in Florida, developed a PR and communications strategy to expose the mental health human rights abuses committed using the Baker Act.   Using investigative news stories and social media to communicate the need for change was an integral part of actions taken to help pass laws that resulted in the reduction of the number of Baker Acts in Florida for three straight years as well as the protection of a parent's right to direct the mental health of their children.  In total, the communications campaign reached tens of millions resulting in positive change that obtained the goal of protecting mental health human rights.  About CCHR: Initially established by the Church of Scientology and renowned psychiatrist Dr. Thomas Szasz in 1969, CCHR's mission is to eradicate abuses committed under the guise of mental health and enact patient and consumer protections. L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology, first brought psychiatric imprisonment to wide public notice: "Thousands and thousands are seized without process of law, every week, over the 'free world' tortured, castrated, killed. All in the name of 'mental health,'" he wrote in March 1969. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512224/the-citizens-commission-on-human-rights-of-florida-receives-2024-bulldog-pr-award-for-campaigns-to-protect-mental-health-human-rights) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 