# National Nonprofit Petco Love Invests in Humane Society Silicon Valley to Save and Improve the Lives of Santa Clara County Pets and Pet Parents

MILPITAS, CA, June 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) will receive a $25,000 grant investment from national nonprofit Petco Love to support their lifesaving work for animals.  Petco Love is a national nonprofit leading change for pets by harnessing the power of love to make communities and pet families closer, stronger, and healthier. Since its founding in 1999, Petco Love has invested $375 million in adoption and other lifesaving efforts. And Petco Love helps find loving homes for pets in partnership with Petco and more than 4,000 organizations — like HSSV — across North America, with 6.75 million pets adopted and counting.  "Our investment in Humane Society Silicon Valley is part of more than $15M in investments recently announced by Petco Love to power local organizations across the country as part of our commitment to create a future in which no pet is unnecessarily euthanized," said Susanne Kogut, president of Petco Love. "Our local investments are only part of our strategy to empower animal lovers to drive lifesaving change right alongside us. We launched Petco Love Lost, a national lost and found database that uses patented image-recognition technology to simplify the search for lost pets."  This is the second major lifesaving investment that Petco Love has granted HSSV in two years, coming on top of a $25,000 investment Petco Love gave the organization in June 2022.  "We are truly honored to receive this second generous lifesaving investment from Petco Love. With this, we will continue to grow our community service programs that keep pet parents and their pets together in times of hardship and crisis. By doing so, we are truly celebrating the loving and healing bond between people and pets, and are preventing pets from needlessly entering shelters," said Kurt Krukenberg, HSSV President.  For more information about Humane Society Silicon Valley visit hssv.org. Learn more about Petco Love at petcolove.org.  About Humane Society Silicon Valley Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is an independent, privately funded, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization serving people and pets for over 90 years. In 2017, HSSV became the first organization ever to earn model shelter status according to the guidelines set forth by the Association of Shelter Veterinarians. As an independent non-profit organization, HSSV does not receive funding from Humane Society of the United States, ASPCA, or state and federal government entities. HSSV offers quality adoptions, affordable spaying/neutering, vaccinations, microchipping services, pet care services, and education programs to enhance the human-animal bond. Established in 1929, HSSV has adopted more than 500,000 animals into permanent, loving homes. Animal welfare is their top priority and their mission is to save lives, keep families together, and create a better future for pets and their people. For more information, visit HSSV.org.  About Petco Love Petco Love is a life-changing nonprofit organization that makes communities and pet families closer, stronger, and healthier. Since our founding in 1999 as the Petco Foundation, we've empowered animal welfare organizations by investing $375 million in adoption and other lifesaving efforts. We've helped find loving homes for more than 6.75 million pets in partnership with Petco and organizations nationwide. Our love for pets drives us to lead with innovation, creating tools animal lovers need to reunite lost pets, and lead with passion, inspiring and mobilizing communities and our more than 4,000 animal welfare partners to drive lifesaving change alongside us. Is love calling you? Join us. Visit PetcoLove.org or follow us on Facebook, Instagram, X, Threads, and LinkedIn to be part of the lifesaving work we lead every day.  Online press kit: HumaneSocietySiliconValley.OnlinePressKit247.com For more information, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511255/national-nonprofit-petco-love-invests-in-humane-society-silicon-valley-to-save-and-improve-the-lives-of-santa-clara-county-pets-and-pet-parents) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 