# Physical medicine and rehabilitation specialist Niriksha Malladi named a Castle Connolly Top Doctor

RENTON, WA, June 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Niriksha Malladi, MD, has been recognized as a 2024 Castle Connolly Top Doctor – the first year she has received the prestigious Top Doctor honor. Only about 7 percent of the nation's licensed physicians are selected annually as Castle Connolly Top Doctors in their regions for their specialties.  Dr. Malladi is a physical medicine and rehabilitation specialist — also known as a physiatrist, or rehabilitation medicine doctor. She is certified by the American Board of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.  Dr. Malladi is with MultiMed Clinic, which has locations in Renton and Everett. She evaluates and cares for adults with work-related complex injuries.   She has special expertise in musculoskeletal medicine; spine and joint rehabilitation; work-injury rehabilitation; chronic pain, including complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS); and multidisciplinary pain management.  "Most of my patients struggle with the physical and emotional sequelae of chronic spinal or joint pain following a work-related injury," Dr. Malladi says. "For example, a construction worker who fell off a roof and has a complex foot spinal and foot injury, but also develops neuropathic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder. Another example is a nurse who sustains a shoulder rotator cuff tear and isn't able to return to caring for patients in a hospital due to the physical demands of the work. Despite undergoing appropriate rehabilitative and surgical treatments, they have continued to struggle to get back to work and their usual lives."  Using a collaborative and integrated approach to recovery, Dr. Malladi provides medical management and physical rehabilitation strategies as part of collaborative care with orthopedic surgeons, neurologists, physical therapists, occupational therapists, and psychologists to improve treatment outcomes.   "A multidisciplinary approach to pain management benefits patients as it looks beyond their focal injury to their needs as a whole, including the psychological challenges of dealing with pain and recovery," Dr. Malladi says. "By providing patient education on the most effective ways to heal, which can include physical and cognitive rehabilitative strategies along with alternative treatments, patients find multiple strategies to cope effectively."   "Patients experience improved pain relief, reduced reliance on medications, improved physical fitness and emotional resilience, and greater well-being. Using a holistic model of health rather than solely treating symptoms leads to an enhanced quality of life and better long-term outcomes for those living with chronic pain."   Prior to joining MultiMed Clinic this year, Dr. Malladi served for 15 years as the medical director of and a physician with Pacific Rehabilitation Centers.  Dr. Malladi earned her medical degree at the University of British Columbia Faculty of Medicine. After completing her internal medicine training at Staten Island University Hospital, she completed a three-year physical medicine and rehabilitation residency at the University of Washington-affiliated hospitals.  "There aren't many physicians who specialize in a non-surgical, multidisciplinary approach to pain management. It's fulfilling to see patients get their lives back and feel whole again. I feel fortunate to have the privilege of guiding that recovery," Dr. Malladi says.   Top Doctors are nominated by peer physicians and selected by the physician-led Castle Connolly research team.  About Castle Connolly Castle Connolly publishes its Top Doctors list at castleconnolly.com and in a variety of print and online partner publications. Nominations are open to all board-certified MDs, DOs, and DPMs. The Castle Connolly team chooses honorees based on nominee criteria that includes their medical education, training, hospital appointments, and disciplinary histories.  Doctors do not and cannot pay to be selected as a Castle Connolly Top Doctor. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511305/physical-medicine-and-rehabilitation-specialist-niriksha-malladi-named-a-castle-connolly-top-doctor)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/HealthCareNewsInfo/comments/1d70mol/dr_niriksha_malladi_recognized_as_2024_castle/