# BZBGEAR End-to-End Line Creates Open Ecosystems Ahead of NAB Show 2024

SACRAMENTO, CA, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BZBGEAR®, a global leader in pro AV and broadcasting solutions, is excited to be exhibiting at North America's premier broadcasting, media, and entertainment event NAB Show 2024 in Las Vegas from April 14–17. Catch BZBGEAR at Central Hall - booth C1834. Register with code NS4743 for free entry.  BZBGEAR also announces they now have a complete end-to-end pro AV and broadcasting line of 4K/8K solutions catering to any-size project. From PTZ cameras and joystick controllers to production switchers and cables to NDI, Dante AV-H, and HDBaseT. Your entire setup can now be accomplished through one award-winning brand. Not to mention all your tech support is now made simple via a single contact. Already have equipment from other brands? No problem! BZBGEAR products play nice with others and can be incorporated all together in a harmonious open ecosystem.  "We have meticulously refined and perfected our entire catalog," said Eugene Bocharov, CEO and President, BZBGEAR. "This ensures BZBGEAR now proudly offers a complete and unparalleled experience to all our customers."  NAB Show 2024  At NAB Show 2024, BZBGEAR will be showcasing their extensive 8K product range and renowned 4K UHD products. This includes fan favorite AI auto-tracking PTZ cameras—the Adamo 4K and Adamo Jr, as well as recently awarded medical-grade Nutrix. The Nutrix is a groundbreaking PTZ camera that is IEC 60601 certified and supports night vision, detachable speakerphone/mic, NDI|HX3, and 30x optical zoom.  Their Swiss Army Knife of AV Distribution, BG-4K-VP and BG-4K-VPPRO, will be there. These are all-in-one matrix switchers that also support video walls, multiviewing, and HDMI extension. They're bringing the QuadFusion series, their latest FHD/UHD 4-channel video production switchers that are uber versatile and mobile. Rounding out their exhibit will be their line of serial/IP joystick controllers—the Commander series.  Stations will be set up at either end of the BZBGEAR exhibit to demo and experience their 8K solutions and medical-grade Nutrix PTZ camera. Grab a controller at the 8K station and play the latest PlayStation/Xbox consoles to view spectacular 4K@120Hz resolutions via their connected 8K gear. See and experience the Nutrix firsthand at their Nutrix medical station.  BZBGEAR is having a raffle giveaway event as well for those visiting their exhibit. The raffle giveaway will be held during the first three days of the show (April 14–16) with three random winners taking home prizes each day.  Meet the team, experience their gear, and win some prizes at Central Hall - booth C1834. Register with code NS4743 for free entry.  About BZBGEAR  Established in 2019 and headquartered in Sacramento, California, BZBGEAR is a global manufacturer of professional AV and broadcasting products. Their mission is to provide top-grade AV and broadcasting solutions focusing on design, user experience, and lifetime product support. Every solution is carefully designed by BZBGEAR hardware and software engineers to ensure unmatched quality and features. With award-winning products and industry-leading support, BZBGEAR is the number one choice for any AV and broadcast application. Learn more at bzbgear.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509937/bzbgear-end-to-end-line-creates-open-ecosystems-ahead-of-nab-show-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 