# Delivering the Lending Solutions and the Service That Transform Stress into Smiles

DES PLAINES, IL, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- "Many of our customers are in the middle of personal crises or stressful situations, so when they call us they can be in a very emotional state," reports Kristine Bautz, lending services representative for online lender AmeriCash Loans. "They need cash because they're unable to pay their rent, or their heat or water has been turned off, or maybe they can't make a payment on their car.   "Sometimes they're having a hard time with family members, and you can tell they're almost at the end of their rope," she continues. "I love to be able to offer the solution these folks need, and love to be in a job where I can really help people."  AmeriCash Loans offers installment loans up to $2,500 to consumers in Missouri, South Carolina and Wisconsin.  Empathy and understanding ease customer anxiety  "You can tell that many of our customers are glad to find someone who actually listens to them," says Kristine. "I like to lend an ear, to help them feel comfortable telling me what they're going through. People sometimes go into long stories about what's going on in their lives. For me, it's almost like being a therapist.  "By the time we get to the point where I'm explaining the details of our installment loan," Kristine continues, "my customers are usually in a much calmer state and are excited to hear what I'm telling them. I try to be very thorough in explaining how the loan works, so they understand everything."  An easy way to get the money you need, when you need it  AmeriCash Loans makes it easy for customers in Missouri, South Carolina and Wisconsin to get an installment loan up to $2,500. Customers can apply online, by phone at 888-907-4227, or by visiting one of the many conveniently located AmeriCash Loans stores.   The application process is quick and confidential, and there's never a credit check.  And AmeriCash Loans' innovative "Your Money, Your Choice" feature allows customers to have their cash deposited directly into their bank account the same day they apply.  A dependable lending resource with caring customer support  "We make it easy to apply for a loan and easy to get approved," says Kristine. "I've had callers jumping up and down with excitement when they learn they've been approved for their loan.  "This past holiday season," she continues, "a caller didn't have money for her kids' Christmas gifts, because a family member had just passed away and the cost of the funeral consumed all her funds. I listened patiently as she told me all about the funeral and about each of her kids.  "We both agreed that holidays are special for children, who shouldn't know about hard financial times," Kristine reports. "Fortunately, we were able to get her approved for the maximum loan amount, and she was so grateful she was sobbing.   "I called her back a few weeks later to see how she was doing," she continues. "It's great to find out afterwards how a loan helped a customer with the situation they were facing.  "I love coming to work each day," Kristine concludes, "because I feel like I have a purpose—a job that really helps people. I know I'm right where I should be."  About AmeriCash Loans  AmeriCash Loans, with online and in-store convenience for customers in Missouri, South Carolina and Wisconsin, offers financial services including installment loans up to $2,500, with a quick application and approval process. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509891/delivering-the-lending-solutions-and-the-service-that-transform-stress-into-smiles)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1c0fm83/americash_loans_providing_empathetic_financial/