# Logan's Roadhouse Launches Hearty Gift Card Offer of Buy $50 Get $10

HOUSTON, TX, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Logan's Roadhouse, the leading steakhouse known for its scratch-made rolls, mesquite grilled steaks, and ice-cold beer, is serving up a flavorful gift of savings for every mom, dad and grad with a steak-craving! When you buy more, you get more. For a limited time only, guests will receive a free $10 Bonus Card when purchasing $50 or more in gift cards*!  "Celebration season is upon us, and we all know that the most memorable gifts come in small packages! As we embrace graduation season and look ahead towards Mother's Day and Father's Day, we encourage guests to give a gift card that unlocks all their Roadhouse favorites," said Shawn Van Winkle, Senior Director of Marketing for Logan's Roadhouse. "When you give the gift of Logan's, you will also get a gift card to use so you can spoil yourself too!"   Logan's Roadhouse gift cards are available for purchase in-restaurant and online. To purchase gift cards, visit https://logansroadhouse.com/gift-cards/ or visit your nearest Logan's Roadhouse location. Find your nearest Roadhouse at https://logansroadhouse.com/locations/. To create a Logan's Rewards profile, download the free mobile application "Logan's Rewards" on the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.   *Not available in NC, SC and Augusta, GA. Bonus card valid through 7/31/25 and cannot be redeemed the same day of purchase.  ABOUT LOGAN'S ROADHOUSE Logan's Roadhouse is a leading steakhouse headquartered in Houston, Texas, known for its mouthwatering mesquite wood-grilled steaks, famous rolls, and American-inspired signature favorites. With a rich legacy spanning more than three decades, Logan's Roadhouse has become a beloved destination for steak enthusiasts and food lovers alike.   With a strong presence across the nation, Logan's Roadhouse operates 107 corporate restaurants and 22 franchise restaurants in 21 states, making it accessible to steak aficionados and diners seeking an exceptional dining experience. Now, in addition to our corporate locations, Logan's Roadhouse is thrilled to offer franchising opportunities. This expansion allows passionate entrepreneurs to bring the sizzling flavors and warm hospitality of Logan's Roadhouse to their communities. Logan's Roadhouse also recently placed No. 108 in Technomic's Top 500 Chain Restaurant Report, a highly esteemed list that ranks the highest-grossing brands in the U.S.   For more information about our menu offerings, locations, promotions, and franchising opportunities, visit logansroadhouse.com. Stay connected with us on Facebook, TikTok and Instagram for the latest updates and special offers. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509934/logans-roadhouse-launches-hearty-gift-card-offer-of-buy-50-get-10)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1c0fmmj/logans_roadhouse_offers_special_deal_on_gift/