# Multi-purpose Portable Dryer BreezeCare, Kickstarter Launch

NEWPORT BEACH, CA, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Kyung In America Inc, a specialized small home appliance brand, is launching the multi-purpose portable dryer BreezeCare on the global crowdfunding platform Kickstarter.  BreezeCare is a portable drying styler for daily items such as shoes, gloves, hats, socks, and shirts, utilizing natural airflow to remove moisture. Unlike high-temperature heat, its natural airflow ensures moisture removal without damaging leather and fabric, thus maintaining a comfortable state.  Equipped with four BLDC fans, it generates powerful natural airflow, and is applied with their self-developed 'Breeze field', which increases air circulation by simultaneously inhaling and exhaling air in both directions. While conventional drying styler products are bulky and can only be used indoors, BreezeCare weighs only 11.63oz, making it easy to carry, and can be used wirelessly for up to 12 hours on a single charge, which is its strong point.  As a multi-purpose wireless dryer styler, it is suitable for both indoor and outdoor use, offering three operating modes. Sports Mode provides a powerful blow suitable for soccer shoes, toe shoes, and golf gloves, which are used during active outdoor activities. For dress shoes, gloves, work boots, and indoor shoes, there is Daily Mode blowing out gentle winds. Additionally, there is an Eco Mode with cross breezes for items like socks or pouches. It also supports Double Mode, which doubles the operating time, allowing for extended operation (up to 6 hours) with a single operation, increasing convenience.  Equipped with UV-C wavelength LEDs for refreshing, BreezeCare helps users to maintain a comfortable state along with drying. With a light sensor, UV-C operation is only enabled in dark environments, ensuring safe usage even in homes with pets or children.  For detailed information and purchase of BreezeCare, visit the Kickstarter website on April 9, 2024. (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1922674217/breezecare-multipurpose-portable-styler?ref=85wpts) 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509903/multi-purpose-portable-dryer-breezecare-kickstarter-launch) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 