# Quinn Patton Wins Lawsuit Against the Department of Defense; Judge Orders Six-Figure Judgement

BALTIMORE, MD, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Quinn Patton won a lawsuit against the Department of Defense. A six-figure disability retaliation judgment against the U.S. Department of the Army (Department of Defense) was ordered on behalf of its client. Partner Katherine Patton, Esq., represented a civilian Army employee in the EEOC after the Army refused to provide a disability accomodation, then proceeded to discipline and then terminate their employment. After a contentious hearing, an EEOC Administrative Judge ruled in favor of Quinn Patton's client and awarded damages.  Facing the seasoned and determined lawyers from the DOD, Patton built a case that the Judge called "a convincing mosaic of compelling evidence" that showed that the client had been retaliated against. The Judge found that the excuses offered for her termination by the Department were "unworthy of credence."   Patton said, "No employer can fire you for a discriminatory or retaliatory reason, even if you are on probation. Whatever your employment status, federal employees do have a path to justice when they face this kind of mistreatment."   Patton secured a judgment for significant backpay, compensatory damages, and the client's attorney's fees repaid. The client's personnel record will be cleared of all retaliatory discipline. Former managers, whose testimony the AJ called "not credible," will be required to attend extensive EEO training and may face discipline themselves.  Patton added, "My client was an incredible advocate for her own civil rights, and I was proud to fight with her. If you're facing discrimination or retaliation at your job, don't be afraid to stand up for your civil rights and find the right people to fight with you." Call Quinn Patton, LC at 443-247-5444 to schedule a free initial consultation. Book a consultation with Katherine Patton, Esq. here.  About Quinn Patton  Quinn Patton is an employment law firm based on one simple idea - Everyone deserves a measure of justice, and every client deserves an attorney who will work for them to achieve that goal. Whether you have been wrongfully terminated or harassed, are a veteran or disabled person who has been denied their benefits, or are an employee looking to protect your rights and future, our goal is to come alongside you to ensure you have the best opportunity to succeed.   Quinn Patton: We're a catalyst for change because we believe in being the change.   https://www.thequinnlawgroup.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509932/quinn-patton-wins-lawsuit-against-the-department-of-defense-judge-orders-six-figure-judgement) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 