# Vibrant Lifestyle Backdrop Makes Valencia An Ideal Choice

SANTA CLARITA VALLEY, CA, April 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Community planners keep their eyes on one goal with lifestyle advantages in mind—to create a backdrop for living well. Then, the people who make their homes here bring these place-making concepts to real and vibrant life.   At Valencia by FivePoint, you can experience progressive, sustainable concepts for homes and their surroundings, and diverse ways to explore a glorious outdoor environment. Come discover open spaces, trails, trees, parks, playgrounds and built amenities.  The new Valencia community opened new homes for sale in 2022, and today is home to more than 1,100 households. Shoppers can choose from 11 collections priced from the $400,000s to the low $1.2 millions, with 1,018 to 4,723 square feet of living space and up to 6 bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms.  Designed for Living—Fresh, easy living designs include single- and multi-level layouts, in detached and attached formats that optimize privacy, indoor/outdoor livability and view opportunities. You'll see inviting social spaces, sleek, high-function kitchens, luxurious retreats and versatile flex spaces. Patios, decks and courtyards further enhance outdoor living, entertaining and leisure times.   Design and pricing diversity draws a wide range of buyers. Among them are young singles and couples, growing families, empty nesters and multi-gen households. All contribute to the neighborly dynamics that enhance everyday living.   Created For Fun—Valencia's setting encourages exploration and gatherings for all ages and abilities, whether your plan is for a morning hike or joining with the Gardening Club pros for gardening tips. Or enjoying a holiday party with your kids.   Earth Day 2024 festivities are next up, with distinctive choices on Saturday, April 20, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Celebrations will include yoga sessions, plein air painting, live music, educational activities and more pleasures in store. Residents and visitors are warmly welcomed to make this jubilee part of their Earth Day plans. Visit www.valencia.com/GoEarth and be sure to check Facebook.com/ValenciaCalifornia.   You can also head to The Porch, Valencia's Community Information Center, which is open Thursday through Sunday, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. The address is 27426 Navigation Avenue, Valencia 91381, Telephone 661-203-3919. Please stop by to check out the Earth Day menu and additional Valencia info.   Connectivity—In the heart of Los Angeles County's Santa Clarita Valley, the community is close to retail, dining options and leisure choices. Adjacency to I-5 puts area job centers within easy reach, as well as Cal Arts, College of the Canyons and Henry Mayo Hospital. Connectivity also includes nearby access to Metrolink, freeways and airports. And you may meet new neighbors who are self-employed, offering various services you can tap without freeway travel.  Inspiring Spaces—The panoramic hillside site features vista views, and site planning weaves open spaces and diverse amenities to create a delightful indoor/outdoor fabric for everyday living, with optimized open space and protected trees and natural vegetation.   Current and future core amenities are within easy walking distance of most homes, and seating niches, small parks and trails for pedestrians, trikes, bikes and four-legged pals enhance the invitation to enjoy your community without driving. Enticing lifestyle pleasures include award-winning Confluence Park, which combines outdoor expanses, a pool complex and easy connectivity to many other community points. Adventure Playground is tailored for kids and parents to enjoy.  Within this unique backdrop, residents find much to enjoy. And that helps them take time, and find a culture of connection with friends, families and neighbors. "When we toured new homes, we saw people out and about with their kids and dogs," said Kristen, who bought here with her husband Spencer. "That's a happy sign for our son, our dog and any future children we add to the family."  Well-ranked schools add further to the value equation of life at Valencia. The William S. Hart District serves junior high and high school students, while elementary school children will be part of the Newhall School District or the Saugus School District.   Sustainability—Builders include KB Home, Lennar, Richmond American Homes, Toll Brothers and Tri Pointe Homes. All work with notable residential architects, and all design/build teams support FivePoint's commitment to sustainable development, with energy efficiency incorporated in each design. Among per plan features are low-E windows, upgraded insulation, rooftop solar and tankless water heaters with closed loop systems. Some homes provide flow meters at main water lines, and solar data that can help owners monitor water usage and energy production.   See For Yourself—To plan your model home tours, you can check directly with each builder here. Lennar offers opportunities for Element, Outlook, Peak and Solaire. Visit www.lennar.com or call 888-216-2494. Also selling are KB's Sage and Vesper designs. Visit www.kbhome.com or call 888-524-6637.   Toll Brothers offers Skylar and Volara luxury designs. Call 844-700-8655 or visit www.tollbrothers.com. For Redmond by Richmond American Homes, call 909-345-1143 and visit www.richmondamerican.com For Calla and Rowan by TriPointe Homes, call 949-339-3596 or email a New Home Specialist at OC-LA@TriPointeHomes.com  FivePoint is a California company that designs and develops mixed-use planned communities in the state's most dynamic coastal markets. FivePoint is noted for integrating residential, commercial, retail, schools and entertainment and recreational elements, including civic areas for parks and open space. www.fivepoint.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509924/vibrant-lifestyle-backdrop-makes-valencia-an-ideal-choice)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1c0fmpt/valencia_by_fivepoint_a_new_community_with/