# Celebrate the New Location of Brockhaus Jewelry

NORMAN, OK, June 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Brockhaus Jewelry is excited to announce the soft opening of their new Norman jewelry store in the Legacy Villages on Friday, June 28, 2024. Their new, beautiful building on 1905 24th Ave NW. in Norman, Oklahoma is sure to be an incredible experience to shop for the finest jewelry and timepieces.  Enjoy refreshments and the delightful selection in the impressive showroom. Explore the incredible jewelry designers and watch manufacturers they will have on display in their new expansive store. Their team of professionals are ready to assist with all of your shopping needs.  Not only does Brockhaus have a remarkable selection, but they also conduct a range of professional services to maintain the brilliance of your jewelry and the functionality of your watches. The convenience of their new location in Legacy Villages means it's even easier to have your fine items serviced by the trustworthy team at Brockhaus Jewelry.  Since 1952, the traditions that founded Brockhaus Jewelry have continued and grown into the wonderful business they have today. It would be their honor to welcome you into their new store so they can continue to take care of you for generations to come. Contact their Norman jewelry store or call (405) 321- 4228 to learn more about their selections and services.  About Brockhaus Jewelry Founded in 1952, Brockhaus Jewelry has provided central Oklahoma with a premium selection of bridal jewelry, fashion jewelry, and luxury timepieces from the top designers in the industry.  Starting as a small watch repair shop, Tom Brockhaus created a business that continues to put customer service and quality at the forefront. As a family-owned business, Brockhaus Jewelry is dedicated to giving back to the community and providing quality jewelry for all of life's precious moments. For more information on the services and products available, call (405) 321-4228, visit them online at www.brockhausjewelry.com or stop by their newly remodeled showroom in Norman, Oklahoma, to see their collections in person. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512150/celebrate-the-new-location-of-brockhaus-jewelry) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 