# Discover the Excitement of Japanese Claw Machines with Kiddleton at Anime Expo in LA!

LOS ANGELES, CA, June 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Kiddleton, a leading provider of entertainment solutions, is excited to announce its participation in the largest Anime Expo in the United States, taking place from July 4th to July 7th at the Los Angeles Convention Center.  Event Details: Dates: July 4th - July 7th Location: Los Angeles Convention Center Kiddleton Booth: Entertainment Hall E-120, E-125  Visitors to our booth will have the unique opportunity to experience "Japan's beloved Claw Machines" firsthand. These machines, a source of national pride, offer a chance to win "KAWAII" and anime character-themed, emphasizing their exclusivity to Kiddleton and their representation of Japanese Pop Culture.  "We are excited to bring the authentic experience of Japanese Claw Machines to a wider audience in the United States. We warmly invite everyone to visit our booth, enjoy the games, and win some adorable prizes." says CEO Atsushi Iyoda. "We aim to increase the 'total volume of fun' for everyone who engages with our products. Come and have fun with us – we can't wait to see you!"   Join us at the Anime Expo to discover why Kiddleton's Claw Machines are a hit in Japan and beyond.  For more information: Kiddleton has expanded the claw machine business with supermarkets, shopping malls, restaurants, game shops, playground and more: Would you like to place a FREE Claw Machine in your store? Website: https://kiosk.kiddleton.info/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kiddleton_kiosk/?hl=en  About Kiddleton: Kiddleton, Inc, established in 2019 by Japanese entertainment company GENDA, specializes in providing Japanese gaming machines to businesses across the U.S. Its claw machines and prizes are authentically sourced from Japan, transforming unused spaces into enjoyable areas. Kiddleton has seen significant growth, operating indoor playgrounds, family entertainment centers, and over 400 small-scale amusement facilities with claw machines.  News:  GENDA Inc., based in Tokyo, announced that its subsidiary Kiddleton, Inc., headquartered in Dallas, will acquire all equity interests of National Entertainment Network, LLC, based in Colorado. National Entertainment Network operates around 8,000 small-scale amusement facilities in the U.S. With this acquisition, GENDA Group's total number of overseas locations will exceed 8,000, including Kiddleton's 400 locations. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512147/discover-the-excitement-of-japanese-claw-machines-with-kiddleton-at-anime-expo-in-la) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 