# Future Stars Expands with New Location and Exciting Program Updates

LONG ISLAND, NY, June 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Future Stars Summer Camps, known for its sports, specialty, and STEAM education programs, will add a new location to its summer camp lineup in 2024. Starting as a tennis camp over 40 years ago, Future Stars has evolved to offer over 40 diverse programs that strive to cater to every camper's unique interests and needs.   The new location, Future Stars Selden, was formerly an off-site location for Future Stars' St. Joseph's location during on-campus construction. Now, with overwhelming interest, they are delighted to announce that the site is open as a full-time location for campers, offering a more convenient option for families in the area.  The Selden summer camp will be held at Suffolk County Community College Ammerman Campus, just off Nicolls Road, and will be headed up by Shane Flanagan. The location has state-of-the-art facilities, and the air-conditioned field house gymnasium includes:  - Two regulation basketball courts - Volleyball courts - Auxiliary gymnasium - Dance studio - Computer labs - Athletic sports medicine facility - Locker rooms & more  Campers will have access to a 20-acre field complex outdoors, including baseball, softball, soccer, and lacrosse fields, eight regulation tennis courts, a fitness trail, and an outdoor track. Additional campus facilities include the air-conditioned theatre and cafeteria, as well as a 'water park' and 'game tent' area for campers to cool off and chill out daily.  Future Stars Old Westbury will also be back for summer 2024 and offers transportation from select zip codes. St. Joseph's summer camp location will be expanding, offering an all-new culinary camp for aspiring chefs this year, which is already nearing capacity for the year.  "We are always thrilled to expand the footprint of Future Stars Summer Camps, enhancing accessibility and convenience for families across Long Island," says Chris Griffin, director at Future Stars.  "Our commitment to high-quality programming in a safe environment is exemplified through our exceptional staff and top-notch facilities. With the addition of our Selden location and the re-emergence of our Old Westbury site, we are extending our reach to serve even more families. Our dedicated coaches and educators are poised to deliver the ultimate summer camp experience, ensuring unforgettable memories for all participants."  Future Stars is looking forward to another exciting year of providing an unforgettable camp experience for children. With flexible weekly scheduling and locations scattered across Long Island, there's a Future Stars location (and camp program) for everyone.  About Future Stars  For over forty years, Future Stars has provided families in Westchester, Manhattan, Fairfield, and Long Island with the most outstanding specialty day camp programs in the New York Metro area. Our team is devoted to developing skills and self-confidence in athletics, arts, and education, cultivating lasting friendships and summer memories.  CONTACT US Main Office: Future Stars Camps  735 Anderson Hill Road - Phys Ed Building, Purchase, NY 10577 admin@fscamps.com | Tel. (914) 273-8500 | Fax (914) 368-9054  https://www.fscamps.com/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512131/future-stars-expands-with-new-location-and-exciting-program-updates) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 