# ADAP Advocacy Unveils "Light for Hope" Candle for World AIDS Day 2024

NAGS HEAD, NC, August 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ADAP Advocacy today unveiled a limited edition, commemorative "Light for Hope" candle for World AIDS Day 2024. MoonAmor Candle Co. was commissioned to design the candle, which embodies the solidarity of the people fighting to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic, as well as remembering those lost to it. On December 1st, ADAP Advocacy urges supporters in the United States to light the commemorative candles at 7:00 p.m. ET.  Brandon M. Macsata, CEO of ADAP Advocacy summarized: "Since 2007, our patient advocacy has centered around four words: HEAR. HELP. HEAL. HOPE. This year for World AIDS Day, we want to bring together our supporters to raise awareness about HIV in the United States and re-commit ourselves to ending the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The candles' flames not only embody our collective hope for the future, but also remember loved ones, neighbors, and colleagues lost to it."  Noritza Perito, Founder & President of the MoonAmor Candle Co. echoed: "For many, many years I've had people important to me living with HIV – including Brandon – and their fight has been my fight, yearning for an end to this epidemic. Each MoonAmor candle is not just a source of light on World AIDS Day, it's a statement piece, designed to memorialize everyone we've lost during this fight. Candle flames symbolize the enduring presence of the human soul even after death, yet they've long been recognized as as a powerful beacon of hope."  "Light for Hope" World AIDS Day candles can be purchased online here: https://www.moonamorcandleco.com/product-page/light-for-hope.   To learn more about ADAP Advocacy, World AIDS Day, or "Light for Hope" candles, please email info@adapadvocacy.org.  About ADAP Advocacy: ADAP Advocacy's mission is to promote and enhance the AIDS Drug Assistance Programs (ADAPs) and improves access to care for persons living with HIV/AIDS. ADAP Advocacy works with advocates, community, health care, government, patients, pharmaceutical companies, and other stakeholders to raise awareness, offer patient educational programs, and foster greater community collaboration. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513839/adap-advocacy-unveils-light-for-hope-candle-for-world-aids-day-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1f3865e/adap_advocacy_unveils_light_for_hope_candle_for/