# Celebrate National Cheese Pizza Day at Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings with $10 Large Cheese Pizzas

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, August 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Hold the toppings! Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings, owned by BurgerFi International, Inc., is celebrating National Cheese Pizza Day on September 5 with a special offer. Guests can head to Anthony's and savor its Large 16" Cheese Pizza for only $10!   "Cheese pizza is a timeless classic that brings everyone together. At Anthony's, we're passionate about delivering authentic flavors with every bite and National Cheese Pizza Day is the perfect occasion to celebrate simplicity done right," Cindy Syracuse, Chief Marketing Officer at BurgerFi. "We invite our guests to savor the tradition of our signature coal fired pizza, made by hand with heart and soul."  At Anthony's, everything is served hot, including its signature pizzas that are cooked at 900 degrees in its coal fired oven for a distinct and delicious taste. Its cheese pizzas are topped with whole-milk fresh mozzarella melted to perfection with house-made Italian plum tomato sauce, hand-grated Pecorino Romano cheese, fresh basil, and olive oil.   The $10 Large Cheese Pizza is available all day for dine-in at all locations. Additional toppings are available at an extra cost. Guests must mention the promotion to their server to claim.  As a leading operator of casual dining pizza, Anthony's is known for serving high-quality ingredients since 2002, including hand-picked imported Italian tomatoes, Pecorino Romano grated in-house, fresh vegetables, herbs, and homemade dough.   For more information about Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings or to find the nearest location, visit www.acfp.com.  About Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings  Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings was acquired by BurgerFi International, Inc. (Nasdaq: BFI, BFIIW), on November 3, 2021 and is a premium pizza and wings brand that operates 59 corporate-owned casual restaurant locations. Known for serving fresh, never frozen and quality ingredients, Anthony's is centered around a 900-degree coal fired oven with menu offerings including "well-done" pizza, coal fired chicken wings, homemade meatballs, and a variety of handcrafted sandwiches and salads. Anthony's was named "The Best Pizza Chain in America" by USA Today's Great American Bites and "Top 3 Best Major Pizza Chain" by Mashed in 2021. To learn more about Anthony's, please visit www.acfp.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513854/celebrate-national-cheese-pizza-day-at-anthonys-coal-fired-pizza-wings-with-10-large-cheese-pizzas) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 