# Local Attorneys Host Full Crowd at Trucking Law Seminar, Look Forward to Next Year's

INDIANAPOLIS, IN, August 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The volume of attendees at Monday's (Aug. 19) truck wreck seminar exceeded expectations when lawyers and paralegals from across Indiana and some from out of state gathered in Noblesville to learn and network.  The "Winning Truck Wreck Cases" seminar was hosted by McKinney School of Law graduates, David Craig ('85) and Scott Faultless ('91) of the Indianapolis-based personal injury law firm, Craig, Kelley and Faultless, in tandem with the Indiana Trial Lawyers Association. The day-long event featured the following speakers:  •	David Craig, Craig, Kelley & Faultless •	Scott Faultless, Craig, Kelley & Faultless •	Bryan Bradley, Allen Law Group •	Andy Young, The Law Firm for Truck Safety •	Daniel Buba, Doehrman Buba Ring •	Eric Oliver, National Trial Consultant, Metasystems Consulting •	Kevin Johnson, Crash Consulting Services, LLC •	Ben Phelps, Crash Consulting Services, LLC •	Harry Adler, Institute for Safer Trucking  Their presentations covered truck safety, the steps taken in truck-wreck cases, air brakes, depositions, insurance coverage, data collection, trial strategy, and more. Attendees climbed into semi-trucks outside to study the vehicles being discussed. It was an opportunity to learn and grow, network, and be motivated.   "We were so happy to get such positive feedback following our first annual trucking seminar," David Craig, managing partner of Craig, Kelley & Faultless, said. "We are grateful for the speakers who gave time from their busy schedules to share their knowledge. We can't wait for next year, which we promise will be even bigger and better — so go ahead and mark your calendars."   Craig, Kelley and Faultless has already booked the venue for next year's seminar, which will be August 4, 2025.  About Craig, Kelley & Faultless   Craig, Kelley & Faultless is headquartered in Indianapolis and has offices in Indiana and an office in St. Louis, Missouri. The firm handles cases throughout the country and has attorneys licensed in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio and Iowa. Craig, Kelley & Faultless can be contacted at 1-800-746-0226, and additional information can be found at www.ckflaw.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ckflaw, or on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/craig-kelley-&-faultless-attorneys-at-law/. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513841/local-attorneys-host-full-crowd-at-trucking-law-seminar-look-forward-to-next-years) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 