# Model Act Studios Talent Asher Joins General Hospital

CHICAGO, IL, August 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Model Act Studios is thrilled to announce that our talented star, Asher, has landed a significant role on the iconic daytime drama "General Hospital." This exciting opportunity marks a remarkable milestone in Asher's burgeoning career, and we couldn't be prouder!  Asher, who began their journey in the entertainment industry with Model Act Studios through the International Model and Talent Association (IMTA), has consistently showcased incredible dedication and talent. Their hard work and passion have truly paid off, and this new role is a testament to their impressive skills and determination.  "Seeing Asher grow from their beginnings at Model Act Studios to this incredible achievement is a profound joy for all of us," said Robert Masny , Owner at Model Act Studios. "We believe in nurturing talent, and Asher's journey exemplifies the potential that lies within our program. We can't wait to see them shine on 'General Hospital!'"  Asher's role on "General Hospital" promises to bring fresh energy and excitement to the show, and fans are eagerly anticipating their debut. With a strong foundation built at Model Act Studios and the IMTA, Asher is poised to make a lasting impression on audiences.  Model Act Studios is the only Talent Management studio in Wheaton, Lemont Illinois and Michigan that works directly with talent agencies, modeling agencies, and casting directors from Los Angeles, New York, and Chicago. We provide you with the correct tools to succeed, such as confidence, interview skills, camera technique, acting ability and experience, while presenting you with the opportunities to meet the right people.  Model Act Studios is the only Talent Management studio in Wheaton & Lemont that works directly with talent agencies, modeling agencies, and casting directors from Los Angeles, New York, and Chicago. We provide you with the correct tools to succeed, such as confidence, interview skills, camera technique, acting ability and experience, while presenting you with the opportunities to meet the right people.  Robert's vision is to develop your talent while helping you to grow, both as a person and professionally, help you to become a more confident person, and to find you the success you are looking for. He has personally discovered numerous actors, actresses, and models, who have appeared in commercials, print ads, television shows, and movies. Throughout his career he has created strong relationships with casting directors both in the Chicagoland area and throughout the entire country. Through IMTA he has built strong working relationships with top NY and LA agents and managers who work with Nickelodeon, Disney, ABC Family, etc. These relationships help Robert to market his talent directly and create those success stories that he loves to share!  Related Link: https://modelactstudios.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513844/model-act-studios-talent-asher-joins-general-hospital) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 