# Attorney Scott Faultless Receives ITLA President's Award

INDIANAPOLIS, IN, June 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Personal injury attorney Scott A. Faultless has been named recipient of the Indiana Trial Lawyers Association (ITLA) President's Award for the third time.   Faultless is a founding partner of Craig, Kelley & Faultless, an Indianapolis-based personal injury law firm specializing in commercial motor vehicle wrecks. This recent award is one of several recognizing Faultless' success representing victims in wrongful death and personal injury cases.  The ITLA is an organization of lawyers throughout Indiana. Faultless is treasurer of its executive committee. Besides ITLA, Faultless belongs to the Academy of Truck Accident Attorneys, American Association for Justice, and Association of Plaintiff Interstate Trucking Lawyers of America. His awards and accolades include:  •	Indiana Trial Lawyers Association: President's Award; 2020, 2022, 2024 •	National Trial Lawyers Association: Top 10 Trucking Trial Lawyer and Top 100 Trial Lawyer •	Indiana Super Lawyers List  An Indiana native, Faultless grew up in Greene County, Indiana, and graduated from Indiana University's Robert H. McKinney School of Law in 1991. Since 1999, when he and two other attorneys opened the law firm, Craig, Kelley & Faultless, he has helped seriously injured victims of large-truck accidents receive just compensation.   Faultless is board-certified in truck accident law and sits on the Board of Regents for the Academy of Truck Accident Attorneys. His law firm successfully represents clients against dangerous trucking companies, reckless drivers and unreasonable insurance companies. The attorneys limit their practice to representing people who have been seriously injured or killed by the carelessness of others. The firm handles cases involving semi-trucks, wrongful death, and other catastrophic injury cases throughout the United States.  About Craig, Kelley & Faultless   Craig, Kelley & Faultless is headquartered in Indianapolis and has offices in Indiana and an office in St. Louis, Missouri. The firm handles cases throughout the country and has attorneys licensed in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Ohio and Iowa. Craig, Kelley & Faultless can be contacted at 1-800-746-0226, and additional information can be found at www.ckflaw.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ckflaw, or on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/craig-kelley-&-faultless-attorneys-at-law/. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511904/attorney-scott-faultless-receives-itla-presidents-award) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 