# Bottle Rocket Media Celebrates Prestigious Wins at the 2024 Telly Awards

CHICAGO, IL, June 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bottle Rocket Media (BRM) is delighted to announce its exceptional performance at this year's Telly Awards, earning multiple awards that highlight its creative expertise and excellence in filmmaking and video production.   Among the highlights, Bottle Rocket Media was awarded two Silver awards for its compelling work with Aspen Dental and the captivating short film "Timpano." The crowning achievement came with a prestigious GOLD award in the short documentary category for its mesmerizing Glass Blowing film in collaboration with Ignite Glass Studios and Apple.   "We're thrilled and honored to be acknowledged by our creative peers at the Telly Awards," said Dan Fisher, Principal and Director at Bottle Rocket Media. "This recognition really highlights our commitment to telling stories that resonate. Our clients played a crucial role in making these projects possible, and it's the creative mindset of the BRM team that brings it all to life."  Bottle Rocket Media has a history of success at the Telly Awards, particularly excelling in Branded Content across various categories. From Motion to B2C, and short-form documentaries to animation, BRM consistently showcases its exceptional talent.  To learn more about partnering with BRM on your next project and possibly earning a Telly Award with their team, visit bottlerocketmedia.net.  To view their award-winning projects, visit the website.  About Bottle Rocket Media Bottle Rocket Media is a Chicago-based production company specializing in branded content, directing, and producing compelling narratives across various media platforms. With a commitment to innovation, storytelling, and getting brands more reach through SEO and video marketing, Bottle Rocket Media continues to set industry standards with its creative vision and technical expertise. For more information, visit their website.   About the Telly Awards The Telly Awards honor excellence in video and television across all screens. Established in 1979, The Telly Awards receives over 12,000 entries from all 50 states and five continents. Entrants are judged by The Telly Awards Judging Council—an industry body of over 200 leading experts including advertising agencies, production companies, and major television networks.  For more information, visit tellyawards.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511906/bottle-rocket-media-celebrates-prestigious-wins-at-the-2024-telly-awards)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/MarketingNewsramp/comments/1dlaksc/bottle_rocket_media_wins_multiple_awards_at_telly/