# The Trauma Of Aging And The Possibility Of A Full Life Addressed By Dr. Kixx Goldman, Author Of Bestselling Book, Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard

WILMINGTON, NC, June 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- When we think about aging, we don't necessarily think about the trauma that may accompany it for some. Aging can become a disturbing or distressing experience that can evoke a deeply emotional response. The psychological impact of aging is compounded in Western society by its attitudes toward its older members. Youth and vitality are celebrated, often at the expense of honoring the wisdom and experience that come with age.  These attitudes and perceptions can lead to isolation and feelings of loneliness and worthlessness among older adults. In many cases, aging presents a challenge, which may involve physical decline, social neglect and inner turmoil.  Yet, we know that many older adults maintain good health and cognitive functioning. Aging is a diverse process and there are great differences between individuals. Things usually aren't as bleak as many people expect.  Research tells us that there are a great number of artists and musicians who became more creative and generative later in life. People need to know they have opportunities improve their outlook and to shape the process by making good lifestyle choices. These choices include important aspects such as nutrition, physical and intellectual activity, among others.  Referencing the movie "Queen Bees" starring Ellen Burstyn, bestselling author Dr. Kixx Goldman addressed this vitally important issue in a piece posted on her website titled, "Healing My Own Trauma Of Aging". In that piece she said in part:  "If Ellen Burstyn can do it, so can I. And so can Joe Biden." That's what I repeated to myself as I watched in awe as this charming Netflix trope of the "Queen Bees" unfolded on our screen.  The story is about Helen, an older, independent widow – played by Ms. Burstyn– who moves temporarily into a senior community while her home is being repaired, with surprising results–including romance with Dan –played by James Caan.  The message of the film is about the possibilities of life in senior years.  In the film, made a few years ago, Ellen Burstyn is an attractive, articulate, fit looking woman in her mid-eighties.  Although I, too, qualify as an aging member of society, I prefer to think of myself, like Ellen's character, as an energetic and fit 'superager.'  Hooked and encouraged by this uplifting tale, the film was a great balm for my own traumatic responses which had been in great need of healing, after watching Fareed Zakaria's CNN show, on October 1st of '23:  To my great dismay, only two days after she'd been laid to rest, Diane Feinstein's photo flashed on the screen during Fareed's Sunday GPS (global public square) show, without so much as a respectful word to honor an accomplished senator who'd contributed so much to our country.  I was appalled when Ms. Feinstein's photo was followed by Fareed's question posed to his guests,  "What is it about American politics that's attracting a kind of Gerontocracy?"  Don't get me wrong. I'm a big fan of Fareed's Sunday morning show. His messages raise my awareness of current events and I often agree with his politics and analyses of troubling world situations. Issues are usually carefully considered and explored with fairness and intelligence.  The October 1st show was no exception—at least, up until that segment!  In this unfortunate segment, Fareed's 'gerontocracy' question became a jumping off point for a desultory discussion on the pitfalls of "old folks in politics" and bashing of several of our aging politicians in the US.  When Fareed declared Ms. Feinstein was "not the only person in the US Senate these days who makes you wonder whether they'll die before they retire. Is America's leadership so old," the full flush of fury began to take up residence in my body. I'd been close to hurtling a missive at my TV screen before, but this time, I came the closest.  Before that Sunday show, I'd been reading impressive tributes to Ms. Feinstein, the veteran senator. I'd been delighted to see the recognition for a woman who "worked so tirelessly on behalf of California and all of America." (Bill Clinton). Throughout her illustrious career, she championed worthwhile causes and fought for what she believed in. Her work made a powerful, positive impact on the lives of so many.  Alas, none of the tributes to Dianne Feinstein were even acknowledged or alluded to in Fareed's discussion.  My shock at this trashing of our older population led me to the Internet and my exploration of the American Psychological Association's "take" on our society's attitudes on aging.  In her cover story on Monitor on Psychology, Author Kirsten Weir reported that, "Psychologists are examining the age discrimination that pervades American culture and helping people to reimagine healthier relationships with their older selves…  Ageism is one of the last socially acceptable prejudices. Psychologists are working to change that.  "From antiaging face creams to wisecracking birthday cards about getting older to "OK, boomer" memes, the message is clear: Being old is something to avoid."  The full text of the piece is available at https://www.drkixxgoldman.com/uncategorized/healing-my-own-tauma-of-aging-and-how-you-can-heal-your-trauma-of-aging/.  In her bestselling book, 'Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard - Stories Of Courage And Healing', Dr. Kixx takes readers on a journey that is an illuminating exploration into intuition, resilience, and emotional honesty. Through a collection of eight realistic but fictional stories, she begins to show us key strategies for navigating life's challenges with courage and authenticity. Every one of the stories serves as a compelling testament to the transformative power of honoring one's own inner voice. The key word here is "own". Every form of trauma is unique to the individual, and thus requires a one-of-a-kind approach. She has a talent that allows her to help guide readers to discover their own paths, without resorting to preaching or promising.  From the struggles of devoted fathers and resilient teachers to the often courageous defiance of therapists and survivors, the characters in "Speak from Your Heart" exemplify the resilience of the human spirit and will. Through these stories, readers are reminded of the inherent strength that lies within each of us, inspiring us to heal and reclaim our power. "Speak from Your Heart" is not just a book—it's a beacon of hope and healing, offering readers real insight for navigating life with grace and resilience.  The eight engaging fictional stories in this collection are personal, drawn from experiences in Dr. Kixx's life and the lives of her clients. The characters are tested by everyday traumas...  • A devoted father and his daughter find hope in rewriting their past. • With remarkable grit, a teacher escapes a surprise attack. • To heal his childhood wounds, a man must conquer his fears. • A therapist defies the establishment to protect her clients. • As she confronts the church, a therapist regains her standing. • A woman learns the risks of not speaking out. • By sharing her story and bonding with peers, a woman overcomes her trauma.  As the characters in these stories find the courage to triumph over their challenges, they heal and grow.  Inspired by real life people, characters show readers how to find the courage to transform difficult and traumatic life experiences, speak their truth and reclaim their power.  'Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard: Stories Of Courage And Healing' has received rave reviews from readers and reviewers. Leslie S. Greenberg, PhD, distinguished Research Professor Emeritus, Dept. of Psychology, York University said, " In each story, the characters' resilience is illustrated by how they transform difficult life stories into constructive final narratives. They find the courage to triumph over challenges to heal and they grow. The message of the book: speaking one's truth makes for desired change and healing."  In her review, Liz Moulden said, "The short stories from Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard have given me a second chance and a voice, the voice I never had. What's exciting about this book is each main character in these short stories experienced some kind of abuse/ trauma but each finds their inner voice. With help, they're able to heal. Anyone who has ever experienced abuse or trauma as I have will be able to see snapshots of themselves in these stories."  In addition, Dr. Goldman offers a treasure trove of related information on her blog. Her articles span topics from diversity to human relations, psychology, single parenting, immigration and children, marriage and family and much more. The blog can be found at her website.  Dr. Kixx Goldman is available for media interviews and can be reached using the information below or by email at drkixxgoldman@gmail.com. 'Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard' is available at Amazon and other book retailers. More information is available on her website at https://www.drkixxgoldman.com.  About Dr. Kixx Goldman:  Dr. Kixx Goldman is an author, a psychologist, and a coach. Kixx grew up in post-war Seattle. Before following the call of the desert and moving to Arizona, Kixx married a Canadian, lived in Vancouver, and raised three children. During those years, she acted in the local theater. She played the vindictive Abigail in Arthur Miller's Crucible. It was her most memorable role and a catalyst in her life.  Kixx earned graduate degrees in education and counseling psychology. In her private practice, she helped couples untangle fight cycles and recreate emotional intimacy. She also worked with individuals and families, and taught workshops on personal empowerment and conflict resolution. As a consultant in public schools, she helped students overcome learning problems and develop social skills. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511836/the-trauma-of-aging-and-the-possibility-of-a-full-life-addressed-by-dr-kixx-goldman-author-of-bestselling-book-speak-from-your-heart-and-be-heard)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1dlakm0/dr_kixx_goldman_challenges_societys_attitudes/