# Beauty and Spa Suites For Rent Near Sun City

GEORGETOWN, TX, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Customers are only a golf cart ride away  It's not every business which can say their main customers arrive for appointments driving golf carts, but it is true at Hill Country Salon Suites in Georgetown.  The fastest growing city in Texas is Georgetown, and much of that growth is attributable to Sun City, a retirement community for 55+ seniors, with a current population of over seventeen thousand, a full 20% of the Georgetown population. And that segment of the population makes up 30% of the customers who frequent beauty shops and spas, making Georgetown a Mecca for someone looking to open a beauty shop, nail salon, or health and wellness spa.  Convenience? Sun City is literally a golf cart ride away, a mere eight miles to Hill Country Salon Suites, a perfectly legal mode of transportation thanks to lenient traffic laws in Georgetown.  What will you find at Hill Country Salon Suites?  Twenty-six private salon suites for rent are offered at Hill Country, all reasonably priced and all coming with a full list of amenities including the following: •	Free utilities •	Free Wi-Fi •	Free web page •	Free press release •	Free HDTV •	Free laundry facility on-site •	Free twenty-six step business plan •	Free marketing tips and tricks •	Online scheduling app to alleviate the tedious scheduling duties  All told, these amenities, included in the beauty salon suite lease price, will save entrepreneurs between $300-$600 per month in overhead, making this one of the best opportunities in the beauty and wellness industry.  Sun City fuels your economic engine  The 55+ demographic is a growing segment of the population, and they feed the beauty industry to the tune of billions of dollars annually. The location of Hill Country, in close proximity to Sun City, is a salon owner's dream. All that's left is to build your brand, establish yourself through outstanding service, and the customers will arrive, continually, in golf carts.   The Hill Country Salon Suites mission  Hill Country co-owners, Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton, are determined to open doors to the next generation of entrepreneurs.  "With a growing population," says Melanie, "it just makes sense that people would be looking for the best service providers close to home. Our goal at Hill Country Salon Suites is to offer premier services from the best professionals in town in a clean, secure, and welcoming space that offers everything our clients and tenants need."  Are you ready to open a Sun City hair salon?  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512995/beauty-and-spa-suites-for-rent-near-sun-city)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ehafoz/georgetown_salon_suites_attracting_sun_city/