# BungeeONE Arlington Opens Soon for a Unique Fitness Experience at the Sublett Center in Arlington, Texas

ARLINGTON, TX, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Debra Walker and Danielle Rueter proudly announces the opening of BungeeONE Arlington, located in the Sublett Center in Arlington, Texas.  Ideal for improving cardiovascular health, increasing mobility and stability, and core strengthening, Bungee Fitness offers a unique way to enjoy your workout. During the sessions, participants are harnessed into the bungees. The resistance of the bungees make this low impact, helping tone muscles and burn calories.  "Bungee fitness is a low-impact, high-intensity workout everyone is sure to enjoy, regardless of your fitness level," Rueter said. "It's an incredibly fun experience, and you'll be hooked once you try it," she added.  Our Intro to Bungee class is required for all participants no matter fitness level, as it teaches the basic moves, along with bungee terminology. After participants get comfortable with the bungees, they have the option to move on to more advanced sessions, such as Bungee Fit, Top Bungee, and Fly Workshop. In the Bungee Strong class, participants add light weights to their workouts, helping build muscle while enjoying a cardio workout.  A handy downloadable app is available, allowing BungeeONE users to create accounts, purchase passes, schedule classes and events, and maintain a calendar of scheduled sessions.  "BungeeONE has paved the way in bungee fitness for the last three years," Rueter said. "As the franchise grows it provides more opportunities, a space where all are welcome, and everyone can take their fitness journey at their own pace."  Debra and Danielle are delighted with the new space for BungeeONE Arlington in the Sublett Center, adding that the facility features the perfect space for bungee workouts.  "We really like how spacious the studio is," she said. "This allows us to perform some of our more advanced flies in a grand fashion."  Conveniently located close to numerous businesses, shopping centers, and several major highway interchanges, BungeeONE in the Sublett Center is easily accessible from any direction. There is plenty of free parking for customers, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.   About BungeeONE Arlington Located within the Sublett Center, BungeeONE Arlington provides a delightful new way to improve your workout. Learn more about BungeeONE by visiting the Instagram page or Facebook page.  About Sublett Center Owned and operated by RDS Real Estate, Sublett Center is home to Arlington retail space for rent, including the Salon and Spa Galleria, which offers salon suite leasing designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. To inquire about commercial space for rent in the Sublett Center, visit the RDS Sublett property page.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial and multi-use space in Tarrant County, with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any RDS properties, including prime retail space for rent Arlington offers, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, email leasing@rdsinvestments.com or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509411/bungeeone-arlington-opens-soon-for-a-unique-fitness-experience-at-the-sublett-center-in-arlington-texas)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ehagh7/new_bungee_fitness_studio_opens_in_arlington_texas/