# BZBGEAR Elevates Industry Standards with Comprehensive Warranty Updates

SACRAMENTO, CA, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BZBGEAR®, a global leader in pro AV and broadcasting solutions, announces significant updates to its warranty policy, further solidifying its commitment to customer satisfaction and product excellence.  BZBGEAR stands out in the pro AV and broadcasting arena for numerous reasons. Central to their success is their end-to-end line of award-winning 8K and 4K products, coupled with seven-days-a-week, five-star, US-based customer and technical support. BZBGEAR takes pride in their ability to instill confidence in their clients, assuring they have the best team and gear supporting their needs.  Ensuring their clients have the utmost belief BZBGEAR products will perform optimally, they are pleased to announce an updated warranty policy, effective August 1, 2024:  • Essential Line: Three-year warranty • Pro Line: Five-year warranty • All Cables: Lifetime warranty  Essential Line is geared towards residential and small business projects. It includes user-friendly, consumer-like products such as small switchers, webcams, and capture cards.  Pro Line is designed for AV professionals, integrators, and installers. It includes robust system solutions such as AVoIP, video wall processors, and PTZ cameras.  In addition to the updated warranty policy, BZBGEAR offers a 60-day demo program, allowing clients to try any of their gear risk-free for 60 days. This program reflects their confidence in the quality and performance of their products and their commitment to customer satisfaction.  Feel confident in BZBGEAR's unmatched support and industry-leading products. For more information about their new warranty policy and 60-day demo program, contact them today and discover why BZBGEAR is the top choice for pro AV and broadcasting solutions.  About BZBGEAR  Established in 2019 and headquartered in Sacramento, California, BZBGEAR is a global manufacturer of end-to-end pro AV and broadcasting products. Their mission is to provide top-grade AV and broadcasting solutions focusing on design, user experience, and lifetime product support. Every solution is carefully designed by BZBGEAR hardware and software engineers to ensure unmatched quality and features. With award-winning products and industry-leading support, BZBGEAR is the number-one choice for any AV and broadcast application. Learn more at bzbgear.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513034/bzbgear-elevates-industry-standards-with-comprehensive-warranty-updates)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology_press/comments/1ehafmv/bzbgear_announces_major_updates_to_warranty_policy/