# Experience the Le Vian Trunk Show at Morgan Jewelers

SALT LAKE CITY, UT, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Throughout all of August and into September, the Le Vian Trunk Show will be appearing specially at many of Morgan Jewelers showrooms in Utah, Idaho, Washington, Oregon, Montana, and Nevada. One day only at each store location they are visiting, a Le Vian representative will have one-of-a-kind pieces directly from their design vault available for purchase, with an added bonus of 20% off any Le Vian purchases during the event.   With many dates and locations to choose from, visit the Morgan Jewelers near you to experience first-hand the incredible design and quality of Le Vian jewelry. Add a vivid gemstone necklace or ring to your personal collection while saving money at the same time. Choose the Le Vian Trunk Show at Morgan Jewelers that works for you. The Le Vian representative will be at City Creek in Salt Lake City August 1, Red Cliffs Mall in St. George August 12, Meadows Mall in Las Vegas August 14, Galleria at Sunset in Henderson on August 15, Valley Fair Mall in West Valley City August 20, Newgate Mall in Ogden August 21, in Logan August 22, Magic Valley Mall in Twin Falls August 26, Westfield Vancouver Mall in Vancouver, Washington September 4, Clackamas Town Center in Happy Valley September 5, Southgate Mall in Missoula, September 9, and Valley Mall in Union Gap September 11.   Known for the exquisite attention to detail, vibrant gemstones, and incredible precious metals, Le Vian creates phenomenal pieces of fine jewelry that can make a statement or are fabulous to pair with more jewelry as well. Each item is carefully made to best display the gemstones and diamonds in the precious metals that are exclusive to the brand. Add a touch of flair to your aesthetic with a beautiful item from Le Vian as found at any of Morgan Jewelers seventeen jewelry stores across Utah, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Montana.   Over 100 years of experience guides Morgan Jewelers to continue to be the jewelry store that people turn to for incredible pieces that will be even more magnificent memories. Their third generation family-owned business is ready to assist their customers with whatever jewelry needs they may have. From an engagement ring to a stunning pair of sapphire earrings, you will find exactly what you are looking for at Morgan Jewelers. Contact any of their Rocky Mountain Region jewelry stores to learn more about the Le Vian Trunk Show details, or about their selection and professional services.  About Morgan Jewelers  Established in 1914, Morgan Jewelers has grown substantially throughout the years, yet holds true to the traditions and work ethic that helped build their business. As a third-generation family-owned business, they understand that important moments deserve the best. They are dedicated to providing the utmost customer care and incredible selection of designer jewelry to their clientele that stretches across seventeen locations in six states along the Rocky Mountain Region. Contact any of the Morgan Jewelers locations in Utah, Nevada, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and Montana for more information about their selection and professional services. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513033/experience-the-le-vian-trunk-show-at-morgan-jewelers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1ehafhu/le_vian_trunk_show_at_morgan_jewelers_exclusive/