# GTN Announces Retirement of Jennifer Stein, Managing Director

MINNEAPOLIS, MN, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Global Tax Network (GTN) today announced Jennifer Stein, Managing Director, will be retiring from GTN on August 1, 2024.   Stein joined the firm in January of 2011 as Managing Director. Drawing from her extensive experience, including two separate stints living in Europe, she brought a unique perspective to understanding the needs and concerns of international assignees. Her 25-year career in expat and foreign national tax preparation and consulting equipped her with the expertise to tackle intricate tax challenges.  "I am so grateful to have spent the past 13 years with GTN," said Stein. "One of my greatest joys has been cultivating friendships with many of our clients. And the support and camaraderie from my colleagues at GTN has been invaluable throughout my GTN journey. As I step into retirement, I carry with me a deep appreciation for these relationships and the remarkable achievements we've realized together. While this chapter closes, the impact of our shared experiences will resonate with me always."   Stein's tenure as Managing Director at GTN has been marked by her extensive technical tax knowledge, her ability to coach clients through the complexities of overseas employee assignments, and her skill in navigating the different requirements of Home and Host country reporting. Colleagues and clients alike have come to value her talent for explaining international tax issues in clear, understandable terms.  "Jen's impact on GTN since joining our team has been profound and far-reaching," stated Eric Loff, GTN President. "She has been instrumental in fostering a client-centric environment and cultivating a culture of excellence and dedication. Jen truly embodies our core values, particularly 'play well with others,' as she consistently collaborates for the greater good of our clients and team. It has been a privilege to work alongside Jen, and while her presence will be deeply missed, we are grateful for her lasting contributions and wish her the very best in her well-deserved retirement."  Beyond her client work, Stein has excelled at nurturing staff, fostering a supportive environment that encouraged professional growth and development. Her mentorship has been crucial in building a strong, knowledgeable team at GTN. Her dedication to both client satisfaction and team development has left an indelible mark on the organization.  In her retirement, Stein is looking forward to traveling and cherishing time with her family and friends. She will also read all of the unread books on her list and may even try to learn German.  ABOUT GLOBAL TAX NETWORK (GTN) GTN is a mobility tax services firm focused on empowering people to live and work anywhere in the world. They help corporate mobility program managers and mobile employees navigate cross-border tax complexities and manage risks. Their scope includes providing support for expatriates, foreign nationals, business travelers (both international and domestic), remote workers, and permanent transfers. GTN is the recipient of several industry awards for excellence, including Accounting Today's "Best Accounting Firms to Work For", as well as the INSIDE Public Accounting "Best of the Best Firms". GTN is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minn., with employees based throughout the United States. For more information, please visit gtn.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512903/gtn-announces-retirement-of-jennifer-stein-managing-director)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1ehafku/global_tax_network_managing_director_retires/