# MILITARY SPOUSE ADVOCACY NETWORK AND THE USAA EDUCATIONAL FOUNDATION TEAM UP TO OFFER FINANCIAL EDUCATION TO MILITARY FAMILIES

SAN ANTONIO, TX, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Military Spouse Advocacy Network (MSAN) along with The USAA Educational Foundation (USAAEF), proudly introduce a new virtual financial education program to educate military spouses about financial readiness throughout their military journey.   "MSAN and The USAA Educational Foundation's new training program will enhance access to financial education and training for a diverse group of military-connected spouses, including new and experienced spouses, post-9/11 veteran and retiree spouses, caregivers, and Gold Star and Surviving Spouses," said Verenice Castillo, MSAN's founder and CEO. "At MSAN, we recognize the value of continuous learning and the necessity of a secure setting for discussing financial difficulties. Our collaborative and supportive joint initiative meets this requirement."   Members who join the MSAN Global Mentorship HUB have access to unique training courses dedicated to financial readiness, including:   • Financial health and goal setting  • Understanding military pay and benefits  • Saving for retirement  • Debt Destroyer®  • Understanding Credit  • Investing for growth  MSAN operates the program under the Virtual Education and Resource Center in its one-of-a kind Mentorship HUB. The resource center provides military spouses an entire library of virtual content accessible 24/7. Members can review webinars, educational videos, blogs, toolkits, professional training, and virtual gatherings at no cost to community members. In addition, MSAN's Financial Readiness Advocate is available to support discussions about the new program in the Mentorship HUB.   Also, if a member wants to connect with like-minded military spouses, MSAN offers a secure chat feature inside the Mentorship HUB with live peer-to-peer support and a daily feed filled with essential and fun information unique to military life.   "Military spouses often serve as the CFO of their household managing the finances to support their family," said David Evetts, President of USAAEF. "We are proud to partner with MSAN to equip military spouses with the knowledge and tools needed to make informed financial decisions and build a more secure future."   About Military Spouse Advocacy Network  Military Spouse Advocacy Network (MSAN) is a 501c3 nonprofit organization that aims to create stronger military families through education, empowerment, and support. MSAN's one-of-a-kind Military Spouse Mentorship-HUB bridges military families from every branch of the Armed Forces around the world with a virtual Education and Resource Center, New Military Spouse Support Program, and Leadership Development Program. We collaborate with military installations, Department of Defense (DoD) resources, and trusted partner organizations to provide a unique 24/7 peer-to-peer mentorship experience. For more information on MSAN and its programs, visit www.militaryspouseadvocacynetwork.org. Follow MSAN on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.   About The USAA Educational Foundation  Since 1986, The USAA Educational Foundation, headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, has served the military community by helping service members and their families become informed financial decision-makers through every life stage. The free, simple-to-navigate financial education available at www.usaaef.org is tailored for the military community, enabling service members and their families to understand essential financial concepts through a library of educational videos, interactive calculators, and downloadable worksheets. Follow USAAEF on Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512978/military-spouse-advocacy-network-and-the-usaa-educational-foundation-team-up-to-offer-financial-education-to-military-families)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ehafsk/new_virtual_financial_education_program_launched/