# UNITED FRANCHISE GROUP SETS RECORD-BREAKING ATTENDANCE AT ITS 2024 WORLD EXPO

WEST PALM BEACH, FL, August 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- United Franchise Group™ (UFG), home to an affiliated family of brands, franchise services and consultants, welcomed more than 1,000 attendees from 10 award-winning brands to Nashville, Tennessee for its World Expo. With a record-breaking turnout, including nearly 100 international attendees, guests gathered for three days of learning, networking, and inspiring programming at the grand Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center.   "Just like Nashville's thriving music scene, we're breaking industry records, and we came to this iconic and innovative destination to celebrate our franchise owners' incredible accomplishments," said Ray Titus, CEO of United Franchise Group. "From industry-leading keynote speakers and interactive sessions to panel discussions, electrifying networking events and an awards gala, there was a robust agenda full of opportunities to learn, network and celebrate the fruits of our labor."  World Expo, which is held every three years in select destinations across the U.S., featured its largest tradeshow ever where more than three hundred preferred vendors filled an 80,000 square-foot tradeshow floor to showcase their latest innovations and services to UFG franchise owners. To further recognize their partnership and support, UFG hosted an intimate mixer event at the iconic Grand Ole Opry House for attending vendors, including the 2024 Diamond Sponsors: Avery, Canon, Central Restaurant Products, Corebridge, GSG, HP and Ricoh. This was an event that attendees will remember for a lifetime.   Attendees also had the unique opportunity to hear from six keynote speakers including Mike Michalowicz, author of "Profit First"; Amber Vilhauer, founder of NGNG Enterprises; Larry Bailin, a CEO and digital marketing expert and the author of the best-selling book "Mommy, Where Do Customers Come From?"; Ramon Ray, an expert in technology, marketing, and personal branding; Matt Doherty, coach and motivational speaker; and Scott Hansen, a business strategist and founder of SH Consulting.   Additional highlights from the 2024 World Expo include:  Women in Franchising Breakfast: More than 150 women met to discuss topics such as Empowering Women in Leadership Roles, Selling Strategies as a Woman, and Balancing Work & Life. This event sets the stage for Women in Franchising National Appreciation Day on October 14, an annual holiday established in 2022 by UFG to celebrate all women working in the franchising industry.  Ray Titus Keynote: AI and embracing change were just some of the key takeaways from Ray's remarks at the Expo. AI has been transformative for UFG with the biggest benefit being the ability to pull information to make sound, data-driven decisions to better the organization. In closing, Ray reminded attendees that it's all about your dash and it's never too late to make a difference.   UFG Cares: UFG announced the newly launched UFG Cares Fund. UFG partnered with the Emergency Assistance Foundation to create a fund which provides monetary relief to eligible employees and franchisees in times of need.   Awards: The three-day conference agenda concluded with the prestigious Awards Gala to honor the outstanding contributions of UFG's franchisees, locations, and teams and celebrate excellence, innovation, and achievement within franchising. Notable successes include:  •	Master License Partner of the Year: Tom Foster, Venture X United Kingdom; Alex Springer & Méline Enguent, Graze Craze France; Yousuf Sandeela, Fully Promoted Canada; and Carlo Paolucci, Transworld Business Advisors France.  •	Humanitarian of the Year: Mike Hemmelgarn, Intelligent Office Nashville (Downtown), TN; Greg & Tara Abernathy, Venture X Raleigh, NC; Michelle Bottino, Fully Promoted St. Charles, IL; Sami Qureshi, Signarama Philadelphia, PA; and Matt & Kelly Mattingly, Signarama San Antonio NW, TX.   •	Rookie of the Year: Melanie Bard, Nick Mastrodicasa & Greg Torgeson, Graze Craze Bellevue, WA; Mike Holm, Fully Promoted Mankato, MN; Jake Whitta, Transworld Business Advisors Northwest Ohio; Abe Cohen & Elliot Dweck, Tri County New York and New Jersey; Jodi Sadowsky, Signarama Bohemia, NY; and Mathieu & Hannah Rajaona, Signarama Tempe, AZ.  •	MVP: Ryan Harris, Intelligent Office, Tucson, AZ; Scott, Cindy & Katie Baroway, Office Evolution Denver (Cherry Creek), CO; Richie & Charissa Parsons, Venture X Loudoun-Ashburn & Fairfax, VA; Yara & Mike Fardous, The Great Greek Detroit, MI; Donnie & Celeena Bedore, Graze Craze Plano, TX; Garrick Jacobi, Fully Promoted Boise, ID; Al & Jessica Fialkovich, Transworld Business Advisors CO, Las Vegas South, DFW Central; and Bob Chapa, Signarama Troy, MI.  •	Hall of Fame: Channen Smith, Office Evolution Denver area; Tyler Evans, Venture X Carolina Area; Mike Brugger, Fully Promoted corporate; Liz Luisi, Fully Promoted Bathurst, NSW; Jeff & Dina Slain, Fully Promoted Fishers, IN; Thomas I. Jones, Transworld Business Advisors Fort Lauderdale, FL; Peter Berg, Transworld Business Advisors Fort Lauderdale, FL; Randy Bring, Transworld Business Advisors Fort Lauderdale, FL; Aaron & Jennifer Fox, Transworld Business Advisors Boston, MA; Vicki Wallace, Transworld Business Advisors North DFW, TX; Daren Bucklin, Transworld Business Advisors Portland, OR; Sam Coustic, Signarama Cleveland (East), OH; Michael & Kathy McGrath, Signarama Footscray VIC & Melbourne CBD, VIC; Derek Herndon, Signarama Phoenix (Arcadia), AZ & Phoenix (Midtown), AZ; Andy Bonner, Signarama Charleston, SC; and Kevin & Anni Glover, Signarama Roswell, GA.   •	The top month awarded was $2,000,000 and the top year was over $11,000,000 for 2023.  For more information about United Franchise Group and its affiliated family of brands, visit www.UnitedFranchiseGroup.com.  About United Franchise Group Led by CEO Ray Titus, United Franchise Group™ (UFG) is home to an affiliated family of brands and consultants including Signarama®, Fully Promoted®, Transworld Business Advisors®, Exit Factor™, Accurate Franchising Inc.™, Franchise Real Estate™, the Vast Coworking Group™ division comprised of Venture X®, Office Evolution® and Intelligent Office®, and Big Flavor Brands™ with The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, Graze Craze® and Cannoli Kitchen Pizza®. UFG affiliated brands include over 1600 franchises in more than 60 countries, with consultants that have helped develop over 350 brands into franchises, in over 60 countries with more than 2500 franchisees. With over three decades in the franchising industry United Franchise Group offers unprecedented leadership and solid business opportunities for entrepreneurs. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512976/united-franchise-group-sets-record-breaking-attendance-at-its-2024-world-expo) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 