# Porter on Peachtree in Brookhaven, GA Achieves 100% Retail Occupancy

ATLANTA, GA, June 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Porter on Peachtree, a mixed-use development on Peachtree Road in Brookhaven, Ga., has rounded out its retail lineup, leasing the project's final street-level retail space to Sucré, a New Orleans-founded luxury patisserie.   Ackerman Retail Senior Vice President Kelly Wilson, the exclusive leasing representative for the project's retail spaces, represented landlord Porter on Peachtree LLC in the lease signing with Sucré. Ackerman Retail Executive Vice President Brian Lefkoff and Leasing Associate Stephany Cruz represented Sucré in the lease transaction.   Porter on Peachtree encompasses 17,592 square feet of retail and the 291-unit luxury Alta apartments. Sucré will occupy a prime corner location of the retail section, joining a lineup that includes C&S Oyster Bar, Egg Harbor Café, Body20, Art of Aesthetics Cosmetic Dentistry, Highland Yoga and Sugar Polish Nail Bar.   "This is an ideal tenant to complete the retail leasing at Porter on Peachtree. The addition of Sucré adds a dessert and sweets concept to the project's diverse lineup that also includes popular restaurants, retailers and health-related service providers," said Kelly Wilson. "Porter on Peachtree's retail and apartments are a great addition to the Brookhaven community, and it's been very satisfying to be a part of this project in representing the owner in the lease-up of the retail spaces."  Added Brian Lefkoff, "This is an outstanding location for Sucré's newest shop, providing a high-visibility spot along Atlanta's signature thoroughfare benefitting from proximity to the high-income neighborhoods in Brookhaven and Buckhead that surround Porter on Peachtree."  Sucré, which currently operates four locations in metro New Orleans and a location in Woodstock, Ga., is renowned for its macarons, gelato and unique handmade, French-inspired desserts and sweets.  Construction of Porter on Peachtree began in 2020. Prior to construction, Ackerman & Co.'s John Speros brokered the sale of the 4.6-acre parcel that houses the project, representing the previous landowner, SDS Real Property Holdings, in a $15.8-million land transaction.  About Ackerman & Co. Headquartered in Atlanta, Ackerman & Co. is a privately held, full-service commercial real estate firm focused on providing quality investment, brokerage, management and development services in the Southeast. The company, founded in 1967, retains an expert team of 100 real estate professionals. To date, Ackerman & Co. has developed and acquired 44 million square feet of office, medical, industrial, retail and mixed-use space, has 4 million square feet under management, and maintains an investment portfolio valued at $1 billion.   Ackerman Retail, a division of Ackerman & Co., offers a best-in-class services platform, delivering solid results for local and multi-market clients across the Southeast. To date, Ackerman Retail has completed more than 10 million square feet of transactions valued at $1.7 billion.  For more information, visit www.ackermanco.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511787/porter-on-peachtree-in-brookhaven-ga-achieves-100-retail-occupancy) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 