# AAM Announces Leadership Transition: Elaine Anghel Appointed as Chief Operating Officer

TEMPE, AZ, September 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Associated Asset Management (AAM), a nationally recognized leader in community association management and accounting services for clients throughout the United States, announces an important transition of its leadership team as it continues to build on its success as an industry leader.   After years of remarkable service, AAM's esteemed Chief Operating Officer (COO), Ercell Sherman, will start to transition out of his role as he prepares for retirement. As a visionary leader with an unwavering commitment to AAM's achievements, the organization is profoundly grateful for Ercell's contributions.  As COO, Ercell Sherman played a pivotal role in shaping the strategic direction of AAM by overseeing the company's administrative services and community portfolio operations. His focus on operational excellence and leadership development will leave a meaningful impact on the organization. To ensure a smooth transition, Ercell will continue to provide expert oversight to AAM in a supporting executive leadership role until September 2027.  AAM is equally excited to announce that Elaine Anghel will assume the role of COO, effective September 26, 2024. As a valued member of AAM's management team, Elaine possesses a wealth of experience in leadership and innovation, which will be instrumental as AAM enters its next chapter of growth. Her solid expertise in operational management and forward-thinking approach makes her uniquely qualified to drive AAM toward even greater success.  With over 30 years of leadership experience, Elaine has held several key management roles, including serving as AAM's Senior Vice President of On-Site Community Management. During her tenure, she was responsible for driving operational efficiency, guiding her on-site teams, and overseeing the strategic initiatives for AAM's largest client partnerships across the country. Elaine's ability to combine a tactical vision with operational excellence has earned her a reputation as a dynamic and results-oriented leader.  "Ercell Sherman has been a cornerstone of AAM's success, and we are immensely grateful for his leadership and dedication over the years," stated Joel Kramer, CEO of AAM. "As we look to the future, we are thrilled to welcome Elaine Anghel into the role of COO. Her vision and commitment to excellence align with our goals, and I am confident that she will lead AAM to continued accomplishments and success."  In the coming months, Ercell and Elaine will collaborate closely to ensure a seamless transition. This change marks an exciting new chapter for AAM, one that promises continued innovation, growth, and industry success.  ABOUT AAM Founded in 1990, Associated Asset Management (AAM) is a professional Community Association Management Company dedicated to delivering total peace of mind. Over the last 34 years, AAM has grown to be one of the foremost providers of professional community association services in the United States. AAM specializes in the forward planning and management of master-planned, single-family, condominium, active adult, urban high-rise, and mid-rise communities, as well as providing consulting services for accounting, marketing, and operational organizations. AAM combines association management, accounting, compliance, developer services, and customer care under one roof, creating a cohesive and coordinated environment needed to provide exceptional community association management. For more information, visit www.associatedasset.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514500/aam-announces-leadership-transition-elaine-anghel-appointed-as-chief-operating-officer) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 