# Julia M. Carlson Named by Barron's as One of America's Top Financial Advisors

NEWPORT, OR, April 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Julia M. Carlson has been honored as one of Barron's 2024 Top 1,200 Financial Advisors in America, an initiative to connect investors with the best wealth management professionals in their area. Carlson, founder and CEO of Financial Freedom Wealth Management Group, LLC, was recognized a top advisor in Oregon.  The annual list highlights outstanding financial advisors from all 50 states based on data from approximately 6,000 financial professionals, according to Barron's. Advisors are assessed based on varying factors, including assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice, and philanthropic work. The full report, which showcases the top advisors by state, can be viewed here.  Carlson has 25 years of experience in the financial services industry and provides comprehensive financial services for individuals, families, and business owners. This includes investment management, retirement income and distribution planning, tax reduction planning, family wealth and legacy planning, business planning and education, communication, and personalized attention.  "I'm proud to be recognized as a Barron's Top Financial Advisor," she said. "This recognition wouldn't be possible without our entire team, who are all true advocates in helping our clients pursue financial freedom. Most importantly, we wouldn't be the firm we are today without our loyal clients and friends who have been with us throughout the years."  Carlson is a financial advisor affiliated with LPL Financial, a leading wealth management firm that supports financial advisors — whether they work as independent business owners, with an RIA firm, or in a financial institution — so they can deliver great advice and run a thriving business.  "On behalf of the entire team at LPL, I'm excited to congratulate Julia Carlson on this esteemed industry recognition from Barron's," said Julian Lopez, LPL executive vice president, Independent Advisor Services Relationship Management. "This award demonstrates her thoughtful commitment to helping her clients chart a path forward toward their financial goals amid economic uncertainty and global strife. LPL is committed to empowering growth-minded advisors like Julia with the investment solutions, technology platforms, resources, and services they need to deliver an exceptional experience for their clients."  About Julia M. Carlson and Financial Freedom Wealth Management Group Julia M. Carlson, a seasoned financial leader with over 25 years of expertise, is the visionary founder of Financial Freedom Wealth Management Group (FFWMG). Renowned for her holistic wealth management approach, she recently authored the empowering book "Money Loves You," offering insights that transcend traditional financial wisdom. Julia's commitment to financial literacy and her innovative contributions make her a guiding force, transforming lives on the journey to financial freedom. FFWMG is a nationally recognized wealth management firm working with individuals, families, and business owners to realize their personal vision of financial success, rise above financial stress, retire with confidence, and leave a lasting legacy.  About LPL Financial LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: LPLA) was founded on the principle that LPL should work for advisors and institutions, and not the other way around. Today, LPL is a leader in the markets we serve, serving more than 22,000 financial advisors, including advisors at approximately 1,100 institutions and at approximately 570 registered investment advisor firms nationwide. We are steadfast in our commitment to the advisor-mediated model and the belief that Americans deserve access to personalized guidance from a financial professional.   *Barron's Top 1,200 Advisors is based on assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory record, quality of practice, and philanthropic work. Investment performance isn't an explicit component because not all advisors have audited results and because performance figures often are influenced more by clients' risk tolerance than by an advisor's investment-picking abilities.  Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial LLC ("LPL Financial"), a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA/SIPC. LPL Financial and its affiliated companies provide financial services only from the United States.  Throughout this communication, the terms "financial advisors" and "advisors" are used to refer to registered representatives and/or investment advisor representatives affiliated with LPL Financial.  LPL Financial, Barron's and Financial Freedom Wealth Management Group are all separate entities.  Online press kit: juliacarlson.onlinepresskit247.com Public site: financialfreedomwmg.com  For more information, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509764/julia-m-carlson-named-by-barrons-as-one-of-americas-top-financial-advisors)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1bumdyb/julia_m_carlson_honored_as_barrons_2024_top/