# New Book Offers Practical Advice and Guidance to Navigate the Divorce Process

HUNTSVILLE, AL, April 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Leigh Daniel Family Law is pleased to announce the publication of Leigh Daniel's latest book, This Is NOT Legal Advice, Practical Advice for Before, During and After Divorce.  The book is a must-read for anyone considering divorce. Drawing upon her 30 years of experience as a family law attorney, Leigh Daniel offers practical advice and anecdotes that will be helpful to people at all stages of the separation and divorce process. The book can be used as a roadmap of what to expect during divorce.  Leigh Daniel has guided thousands of clients on the divorce journey and has been a witness to both heartbreak and healing.   Divorce can be the most stressful experience that people go through in their lives. It's not a step that anyone should take without careful thought, preparation, and trusted guidance.  Leigh Daniel understands the issues that commonly arise during divorce. She discusses ways to avoid a bad divorce agreement or a terrible court order. She shares the important steps that people should take as they enter divorce. A Certified Infinite Possibilities Trainer, Leigh discusses the value of seeking positive change and how people can make a positive transition as they move forward with their lives.  Leigh Daniel's goal is to offer readers the benefit of her many years of experience as a divorce attorney. She shares practical advice and general guidelines for managing a divorce.  This Is NOT Legal Advice, Practical Advice for Before, During and After Divorce is scheduled for publication on May 13, 2024. You can sign up here to join the waiting list for the book release. For author interviews, review copies, photos, or extracts, please contact Christine Dodd at 256-551-0500 or cdodd.leighdaniellaw@gmail.com  About Leigh Daniel Family Law  Leigh Daniel is a family law attorney with nearly 30 years of experience guiding clients through the challenges of separation and divorce. She is the founder of Leigh Daniel Family Law in Huntsville, Alabama, and a Certified Infinite Possibilities Trainer. Leigh Daniel seeks to help clients make positive changes in their lives as they go through divorce. Leigh is the author of The Path Through Divorce: The Ultimate Guide for Attaining Your Divorce Goals and The Path to Positive Change. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509615/new-book-offers-practical-advice-and-guidance-to-navigate-the-divorce-process)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bumdup/new_book_release_practical_advice_for_before/