# Palm Desert Buyers Are Heading To New Homes In University Park By Woodbridge Pacific Group

PALM DESERT, CA, April 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Location alone sets a lovely stage in California's Palm Desert, where the casual, walkable lifestyle features indoor/outdoor settings for the arts, dining, shopping and recreation. And in Palm Desert, University Park by Woodbridge Pacific Group (WPG) is proving to be the ideal place to call home.   "University Park buyers come to us with widely varied needs," said WPG President Todd Cunningham. "Our three collections address multi-faceted preferences, in a highly desirable location."  Convenience to Eisenhower Medical Center is a draw for many buyers, whether they are employed here or seeking ready access to renowned services. Other buyers want the lock-and-leave ease of a winter home, while others move here to be closer to adult children. Still others seek a new, high-quality home for permanent residence.   Compelling Designs—WPG's Nova, Verve and Esprit neighborhoods fill many bills with distinctive, versatile designs, layout options and other personalizing opportunities. Pricing begins in the high $500,000s, and under-construction homes are available, many with upgrades.   Nova—Nova features new layout choices for its floorplans. Depending on plan and elevation, buyers can now specify a downstairs bedroom with full bath or a casita. Lofts, ADUs and multi-gen suites are also among Nova's new variations.  These fresh choices further expand Nova's appeal, where 5 designs provide 2,328 to 2,751square feet of living space, with 4 to 5 bedrooms and 3.5 to 4.5 bathrooms. Nova's two-story homes feature great rooms, covered outdoor living space and two-car garages. Per plan highlights also include a den, lounge, and project room.   Verve—At Verve, shoppers can explore 4 two-story plans with 2-car garages and 1,871 to 2,490 square feet of living space, with 3 to 5 bedrooms and 2.5 to 4.5 bathrooms. Great rooms highlight the designs, which also offer such per plan distinctions as loft, dual primary suites and a cabana/game room.   Esprit—this 4-plan collection features one single-story design. Plan sizes range from 1,992 to 2,925 square feet, with 3 to 5 bedrooms and 2 to 3.5 bathrooms. All homes provide great rooms, covered outdoor living space and 2-car garages. Among Esprit's per plan highlights: loft, optional den, lounge and outdoor lounge.   Striking Architecture—Modern Spanish, Boutique and Contemporary styles define exterior architecture at University Park. In each neighborhood, enriched detailing strengthens arrival identity and classic streetscapes.   Versatile Social Spaces—expansive, light-filled layouts are a hallmark of WPG homes, as shoppers discover when they explore these collections. Through-plan views, private side courts and charming dining alcoves highlight social zones, and sleek kitchens make entertaining or everyday meals a pleasure.  Luxurious Retreats—Primary suites are optimally secluded from social areas and secondary bedrooms, and feature spa bath designs, walk-in wardrobes and spacious bedchambers.   Rose and Dan Arguin are pleased with all aspects of their move from San Diego to University Park. "It was the best decision we ever made," said Rose. "We wanted something fresh and attainable, in a place we could enjoy. Nova, University Park and Palm Desert combined to make the perfect choice."   Premium Lifestyle—University Park is well situated for enjoying the Palm Desert lifestyle. It is near the 10 Freeway, with the intersection of Gerald Ford Drive and Portola Road offering easy access to WPG's neighborhoods.   Area work centers are also within easy reach, a plus for buyers moving from regional population centers. Signature destinations include El Paseo Shopping District and the new Acrisure Arena, which hosts sports and entertainment events. Abundant retail and dining choices are convenient, and so are hiking trails and other recreational options.   For family buyers, strong schools are another plus. The Desert Sands Unified School District and Palm Springs Unified serve University Park with quality schools for K-12.   Close To Home—Leisure fun is close at hand in nearby parks that include one dog park and one with a covered play area, basketball court and lawn. Additional choices await at The Grove, the master plan's amenity center, which is slated to open later this spring.   Here, residents can enjoy a resort pool, a lap pool and a kiddie pool. A shaded playground, pickleball court, a stage area, lawn areas for events and games, a firepit and a BBQ area add to enticing leisure time venues. Fly over at: https://woodbridgepacific.com/locations/palm-springs/university-park#gallery  Expert Financing Assistance—WPG preferred lender Jeff Weirsma of U.S. Bank can provide thorough, expert assistance to all buyers who secure their loan through U.S. Bank, including reduced interest rates for qualified buyers. "Jeff's ability to navigate today's purchase process is exceptional," said Chad Ross, WPG Community Sales Manager at Nova.  Customer-Centric Builder—Woodbridge Pacific Group invites shoppers to study all the details at University Park. "We have confidence in our quality and service, and welcome shoppers' due diligence," said Todd Cunningham, WPG President. "University Park is evolving as we had hoped when we envisioned this community."  Settled in at Nova, Rose and Dan agree. "We love living here," said Rose simply. "We love the house, the area and our neighbors, and we will never move."  University Park's 10 model homes are open 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. The address is 35779 Lasuen Street in Palm Desert, 92211. Call 760-280-6883 or visit wpguniversitypark.com. For U.S. Bank, call Jeff Weirsma at 949-515-1205 or 714-403-0329, or email Jeff.wiersma@USBank.com.  WPG is a privately held, selective developer/homebuilder with an excellent track record and multiple awards in prestigious competitions of the homebuilding profession. www.woodbridgepacific.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509774/palm-desert-buyers-are-heading-to-new-homes-in-university-park-by-woodbridge-pacific-group)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bumdwl/discover_the_ideal_home_at_university_park_in/