# $ANDY Launched with the mission to "Make BNB Chain Great Again, CEX listing announced

Launched on June 15th on the BNB blockchain, $ANDY has experienced remarkable price growth. In less than a day, its market cap soared from a few thousand dollars to more than $17 million, capturing the attention of the crypto space.It’s no longer rumours that $ANDY coin is going to be listed on popular Exchange Bitmart: and other leading exchanges would be coming onboard soon. [https://x.com/BitMartExchange/status/1813719736049627616](https://x.com/BitMartExchange/status/1813719736049627616)But what is Andy? Or, more precisely, who is he? Andy is originally a character from Matt Furie's Boy Club, the famous comics. He is probably the most unique character from Matt Furie and the best friend of Pepe the Frog, which also became one of the most important memecoins ever. Andy is really the character that glues the whole Boy's Club together and is well known for being hilarious.If you've been following some crypto news, you will know that two of the most important memecoins lately are Pepe and Brett, both coming from the Boy's Club comics. Pepe is on the Ethereum Chain, while blue Brett is on the Base one. The great idea behind Andy is that this yellow character should be on the BNB Chain, also known as the yellow blockchain. It's a simple yet very efficient narrative: if Brett was at the top of the Blue Base chain and Pepe at the top of Ethereum, then Andy should be at the top of the yellow BNB chain to complete this triforce of characters.But it's not all about the narrative; it's also about the timing. $ANDY launched exactly at the right time. Trading on BNB has recently seen a significant resurgence in volume. This chain was historically known to be the most important chain during the last bull run for memecoins. It's clear that Andy appears at the perfect time to capitalize on this momentum, help revive the BNB blockchain, and prepare the field for the next bull run where it will play an important part.And because BNB has a historic significance for memecoins, Andy is also a heartfelt tribute to Changpeng Zhao (CZ), the founder of Binance, who is currently serving a four-month sentence. With his slogan of making the "BNB Chain Great Again," it is evident that Andy is continuing CZ's legacy and rallying every crypto enthusiast, wherever they are trading, to support this ideal.Because of this timing and narrative, Andy immediately showed a lot of potential and can be compared only to Tier-1 category memecoins (those with the biggest communities, volume, and market cap). The numerous Andy memes surrounding the project, as well as their qualitative branding, contributed to its viral potential. Andy is catchy, and its story can be understood by anyone.As with every memecoin, Andy's marketing plays a big part, and the team has extensive connections to do this. We have seen that some of the biggest influencers in this space are supporting the project and recognizing its potential. On a daily basis, the marketing can be followed in their Telegram group. But every memecoin also needs a strong community, and $ANDY has that too. Of course, as it is very new, it has limited members, but the count is increasing rapidly, and the word is being spread on every social media platform to rally more members.$ANDY is available on PancakeSwap, a decentralized exchange on the BNB network, without transaction taxes. It will also be listed on centralized exchanges, which, considering their tremendous trading volume, should happen very soon.With a strong team, hilarious memes, extensive connections, the perfect narrative launched at the right time, and aggressive marketing, Andy shows promise. However, potential investors should conduct their own research before investing. Trade safely!!!Socials:TG: [http://t.me/andycoinbsc](http://t.me/andycoinbsc)X: [https://x.com/andycoinbsc](https://x.com/andycoinbsc)Website: [http://andybnb.vip](http://andybnb.vip)Disclaimer: The information provided in this press release is not a solicitation for investment, nor is it intended as investment advice, financial advice, or trading advice. It is strongly recommended you practice due diligence, including consultation with a professional financial advisor, before investing in or trading cryptocurrency and securities. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://blockchainwire.io/press-release/andy-launched-with-the-mission-to-make-bnb-chain-great-again-cex-listing-announced) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 