# Cruz Law Firm, P.A., Partners with Pineview Elementary Through Classroom Connection

TALLAHASSEE, FL, April 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Cruz Law Firm, P.A., a Tallahassee, Florida firm, is pleased to partner with Pineview Elementary School to support students and teachers through the Classroom Connection Program.  Classroom Connection is a partnership between the Greater Tallahassee Chamber of Commerce, World Class Schools, and Leon County Schools that allows the business community to support teachers and students during the first year of elementary school, particularly in the school district's Title I schools.  Local businesses interested in participating are matched with a kindergarten or first-grade class. They work together with the teacher to identify the class's specific needs, such as school supplies or one-on-one mentoring. The goal is to help students achieve high academic standards and equip them with the early skills needed to be successful.  Each Friday, members of Cruz Law Firm visit a Pineview Elementary School kindergarten class with 17 students.  "Our office partners with our matched classroom to provide reading assistance, classroom activities, assistance with food insecurities, and other activities," says Tiffany Cruz, founder of Cruz Law Firm, P.A. "We go weekly to spend time with the students and other classroom activities."  Cruz Law Firm brings cupcakes to the class to celebrate student birthdays each month and keeps the snack closet well-supplied with snacks.  "It is truly the highlight of our week going to see the kids who are always so excited to see us," says Parker Sullivan, a paralegal at Cruz Law Firm. "It has been incredible to watch the growth these kids have experienced academically as the school year has progressed and watching them open up to having us there."  The attorneys and staff at Cruz Law Firm, P.A., are dedicated to supporting the communities where they practice law. Participating in the Classroom Connection program is one of the firm's primary community engagement activities.  About Cruz Law Firm, P.A.  Cruz Law Firm, P.A., based in Tallahassee, Florida, handles the most complex employment law and labor law cases. The firm's practice areas include employment contracts, negotiation of severance agreements, wrongful termination, workplace misconduct, internal investigations, unjust treatment, unpaid wages, hostile work environment, sexual harassment, whistleblower claims, and discriminatory practices. If you have questions about an employment contract dispute, workplace claim, or employment discrimination matter, contact Cruz Law Firm to speak with an experienced Tallahassee employment lawyer. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510247/cruz-law-firm-pa-partners-with-pineview-elementary-through-classroom-connection)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1cayapo/cruz_law_firm_partners_with_pineview_elementary/