# Georgetown's Parmer Ranch Gears Up for New Era

GEORGETOWN, TX, April 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Georgetown's Parmer Ranch is ushering in an exciting new chapter as it enters its third year. With an expanded roster of homebuilders, a comprehensive amenity plan, the forthcoming opening of a new middle school and the highly anticipated arrival of H-E-B, the master-planned community is setting the stage for an enriched living experience for both current and future residents.  The newest homebuilders in Parmer Ranch, Westin Homes, Sitterle Homes and Perry Homes, complement the builder list of Brightland Homes, Empire Homes and GFO Home, further enhancing the diverse housing options available within this beautiful master-planned community.  Joe Owen, developer of Parmer Ranch, expressed his enthusiasm for the community's evolution. "We are excited to welcome Westin and Perry Homes, along with Sitterle's expanded offerings to the Parmer Ranch lineup of respected builders. All are dedicated to building high-quality homes," he said. "With so many well-designed plans available, our residents have the power to choose a home that best suits the life they want to live in this vibrant community."   In addition to the expansive 10-acre Parmer Park that residents currently enjoy, the community's highly anticipated amenity center, scheduled to open in spring 2025, will feature a fitness center, private meeting space for residents, generous, terraced decks with covered patios, fireplaces and TVs, as well as a pool with covered shade areas. Two pickleball courts, a basketball court and a sprawling great lawn play area will round out the newest additions to the community.   Georgetown Independent School District's new Benold Middle School campus, located within Parmer Ranch, is poised to open its doors for the 2024-25 school year. This state-of-the-art educational facility, along with a future elementary school site, will provide the growing community of Parmer Ranch families with exceptional learning opportunities conveniently close to home.  Parmer Ranch is set to welcome the recently announced H-E-B store, which will anchor the planned 31-acre Parmer Ranch Marketplace at 10110 Ranch-to-Market Road 2338, at the northeast corner of Ronald Reagan Boulevard and RM 2338. Site work for this project is scheduled to start in May, marking yet another significant milestone in the ongoing development of Parmer Ranch, and signaling new retail, dining and service offerings for residents to enjoy nearby.  For more information about Parmer Ranch and its available homes, please visit Parmer Ranch. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510231/georgetowns-parmer-ranch-gears-up-for-new-era) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 