# Florida Bankruptcy Lawyers With Over 17 Years of Legal Experience

HOLLYWOOD, FL, April 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The team of experienced bankruptcy lawyers at Stiberman Law, P.A., has been helping clients achieve freedom from debts since 2007. Founded by attorney Robert A. Stiberman, the law firm focuses exclusively on personal bankruptcy work cases.   Stiberman Law, P.A. offers a wide range of bankruptcy services, including filing for bankruptcy, fighting wage garnishment lawsuits, debt consolidation, foreclosure defense, and more.   "At Stiberman Law, P.A., we understand the importance of having the right attorney to guide you through bankruptcy. We stay up-to-date on current processes and bankruptcy laws to ensure our clients a smooth and easy experience. Our experience with Chapter 7, Chapter 11, and Chapter 13 bankruptcies in Florida, as well as student loan debt management, means that we have the knowledge and resources to help you manage all of your debt. When you reach out to us, our team will assess your finances and help you determine whether the best course of action for your case is bankruptcy or some other option. Stiberman Law, P.A. is committed to providing top-notch legal services and personalized representation to those needing financial relief. Our dedicated bankruptcy attorneys serve Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach counties in Florida, with satellite offices in each region. With our main office in Hollywood, FL, we can represent clients throughout the state, ensuring that those needing financial relief have access to experienced and knowledgeable legal guidance. We can answer all your questions in English and Spanish," said the spokesperson for the Stiberman Law, P.A.  Robert A. Stiberman is a trusted Florida bankruptcy attorney. He earned his Juris Doctorate Degree from the University of Miami School of Law in 1996. Robert is a licensed attorney and member in good standing of the Florida Bar since 1998. He began his career as a volunteer attorney in the Miami-Dade Public Defender's Office. Before founding Stiberman Law, P.A., he also worked as an associate for a firm in South Florida that handles real estate-related matters.  He is admitted to practice in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Middle District of Florida, and Northern District of Florida.  Robert represents clients in both consumer and business bankruptcy cases and has represented more than 1700 bankruptcy clients so far.  Stiberman Law, P.A. is located at 2601 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood, FL 33020. You can contact them via phone at (954) 210-4886 to schedule an appointment or a free initial consultation. Online inquiries can be submitted by filling out a brief form on their website. Visit their website for additional information regarding their services. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510309/florida-bankruptcy-lawyers-with-over-17-years-of-legal-experience)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1cclky2/stiberman_law_pa_offers_expert_bankruptcy/