# Humane Society Silicon Valley to Help Animals Find Homes on National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day

MILPITAS, CA, April 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is encouraging the community to open their hearts and homes to shelter pets in need on National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day. This annual observance on April 30 serves as a reminder of the many pets eagerly awaiting their new families in shelters nationwide.   National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day also underscores the importance of keeping pets happy and healthy even during shelter overcrowding. Challenges such as job losses, economic uncertainty, and housing restrictions have caused some pet owners to surrender their animals, placing additional strain on shelters.   Large and senior dogs often face extended time in shelters. "Dogs in Bay Area shelters and across the country are experiencing longer-than-usual shelter stays," said Nicole Cacy, HSSV's Senior Manager, Capacity and Animal Flow. "More extended stays can negatively impact the quality of life for dogs, and this effect is more pronounced in larger dogs."   HSSV carries out important work to achieve its mission to save lives, keep families together and create a better future for pets and their people. It is also tackling critical issues affecting shelters and people with financial hardships. Through its Sue and John Diekman Regional Rescue Program, HSSV transports animals from under-resourced shelters for medical care and adoption. Additionally, the Pet Pantry and mobile clinic support pet owners in need, offering food and nutrition, and spay/neuter services, ensuring that pets and their families receive care and resources during challenging times.   HSSV is looking for a family for Jackie, a 10-year-old male who was surrendered by his owner due to housing complications. The 11-pound little guy has a heart of gold.  Fun facts about Jackie:  •	For Jackie, the backyard is the prime place for fun and relaxation, free from the constraints of a leash. •	The perfect low-maintenance companion, Jackie is crate-trained and potty-trained. •	He will do well with a household of adults and children in high school or above. •	A shy one at first, Jackie's true personality shines through as he becomes comfortable.  To learn more about Jackie or schedule a time to meet him, click here. To learn more about Humane Society Silicon Valley visit HSSV.org.  About Humane Society Silicon Valley Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is an independent, privately funded, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization serving people and pets for over 90 years. In 2017, HSSV became the first organization ever to earn model shelter status according to the guidelines set forth by the Association of Shelter Veterinarians. As an independent non-profit organization, HSSV does not receive funding from Humane Society of the United States, ASPCA, or state and federal government entities. HSSV offers quality adoptions, affordable spaying/neutering, vaccinations, microchipping services, pet care services, and education programs to enhance the human-animal bond. Established in 1929, HSSV has adopted more than 500,000 animals into permanent, loving homes. Animal welfare is their top priority and their mission is to save lives, keep families together, and create a better future for pets and their people. For more information, visit HSSV.org.  Online press kit: HumaneSocietySiliconValley.OnlinePressKit247.com  For more information, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510349/humane-society-silicon-valley-to-help-animals-find-homes-on-national-adopt-a-shelter-pet-day) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 