# Next Generation Trust Shares Insights Into Investing in Real Estate Lease Options Through a Self-Directed IRA

ROSELAND, NJ, September 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Savvy investors who understand real estate assets can include real estate lease options in a self-directed IRA to build tax-advantaged retirement wealth and passive income.   Jaime Raskulinecz, founder and CEO of Next Generation Trust Company, recently published a blog article on her firm's website that details how self-directed investors can include these alternative assets within their retirement plans. It explains lease options, how to make these nontraditional investments, how to set up lease option arrangements, and how optioning a property works.  "Unlike a traditional lease on a rental property, a lease option provides certain advantages to the investor," said Raskulinecz. "It gives the investor more control over the property without officially owning it, provides a path to property ownership, and when transacted through a self-directed IRA, is a tax-advantaged investment."  Her firm provides full account administration and asset custody for self-directed IRAs and other plans. Real estate and related assets are among the most popular investments in self-directed retirement plans.   The article discusses lease option arrangements and their structure between the property owner and investor, the benefits of optioning a property and "subject to" properties and how to combine these with lease options to generate greater returns to the self-directed IRA.   "As with many alternative assets, real estate lease options provide consistent passive income through monthly rental payments by tenants," said Raskulinecz. "Another way to generate retirement income is by optioning a property, whereby the investor assigns—or sells—the lease to a third party at a profit. Either way, these are other types of real estate assets that diversify account owners' retirement portfolios while also building a hedge against stock market volatility."  Like any self-directed investment, Raskulinecz and her team strongly recommend that investors conduct thorough due diligence before sending investment instructions and that they are comfortable making their own investment decisions. More details about real estate lease investments are in the full article at https://shorturl.at/DO0NO.  More information about self-direction as a retirement wealth-building strategy and about Next Generation is at www.NextGenerationTrust.com.  About Next Generation Founded on the philosophy that every person should have control over their retirement plans, Next Generation educates consumers and professionals about self-directed retirement plans and nontraditional investments, a strategy at one time reserved only for the very wealthy. Next Generation Services provides comprehensive account administration and transaction support, and its sister company, Next Generation Trust Company, acts as custodian for all accounts. The neutral third-party professionals at Next Generation expertly guide clients and their trusted advisors as part of their white glove, personalized service for a seamless transaction experience from start to finish. For more information, visit www.NextGenerationTrust.com, or contact Next Generation at 888.857.8058 or NewAccounts@NextGenerationTrust.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513977/next-generation-trust-shares-insights-into-investing-in-real-estate-lease-options-through-a-self-directed-ira) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 