# Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A. Announces Scholarship Winners

RALEIGH, NC, July 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A. is pleased to award a total of $3,000 in scholarship prizes to two deserving North Carolina students selected as winners of the law firm's 2024 essay contest.  The winners are:  1st Place, $2,000—Nyree Andrews 2nd Place, $1,000—Angela Clarke  The attorneys at Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks recognize the transformative impact of education and the importance of a college education in the 21st century. The Raleigh, North Carolina law firm is committed to helping students and giving back to the communities it serves.   Participants in the scholarship contest submitted original essays discussing the topic — Envisioning a better tomorrow, how will your education shape the future?  First place winner Nyree Andrews, a Charlotte, N.C. student and self-taught film director, wants to attend the University of Southern California's top-ranked film program and develop her filmmaking skills to amplify underrepresented voices through film and reflect the diverse cultures and experiences she has seen in her Charlotte community. In her essay, she wrote:  "My unwavering passion, coupled with a higher education, will equip me to become a force for positive change in Hollywood. I'll draw from my unique experiences to create films that reflect the world's beautiful diversity, ensuring no child feels unseen. Through inclusive storytelling, I'll not just envision a better tomorrow but bring it to life on the big screen."  Second-place winner Angela Clark, also of Charlotte, wrote about being a first-generation American whose mother and father came to the U.S. as refugees of the Liberian Civil War to build a better life for themselves. She intends to study international relations as an undergraduate and wishes to obtain a law degree in international law in hopes of working at the United Nations. She writes:  "As a first-generation American born to resilient and dedicated parents who triumphed over so many hurdles to be where they are today, my heart breaks for those trapped in humanitarian crises beyond their control. I dream of dedicating my education and career to serving them by advocating for global peace, sustainable practices, and the development of less fortunate countries through the United Nations, where I will triumph as a leader in the international community."  The attorneys at Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A. wish to congratulate all the students who entered the contest. We wish you the best of luck in college and your future careers. The attorneys at Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks are committed to making a positive impact in the lives of our clients and the communities we serve.  About Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A.  The law firm of Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A. provides experienced, compassionate, and effective legal representation to victims of personal injury accidents, injured workers seeking workers' compensation benefits, and people dealing with the family law issues surrounding separation and divorce. Robert "Chip" Younce and David E. Vtipil are board-certified specialists in North Carolina workers' compensation law. They are listed in the 2024 edition of The Best Lawyers in America in the area of workers' compensation — claimants. David Vtipil and Joseph Baznik are recognized in the 2024 edition of Best Lawyers in the area of personal injury litigation-plaintiffs. The Super Lawyers rating service recognizes family law attorney Ashley Banks as a 2023 Rising Star. The firm's attorneys have an AV Preeminent rating from the highly regarded Martindale-Hubbell Law Directory. Younce, Vtipil, Baznik & Banks, P.A. serves clients throughout the Triangle region and across North Carolina from its offices located at 3701 Lake Boone Trail, # 300, Raleigh, NC 27607. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512463/younce-vtipil-baznik-banks-pa-announces-scholarship-winners) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 