# Learning about Grizzlies

IDAHO FALLS, ID, May 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Green Kids Club is thrilled to announce our new book Learning about Grizzlies by Sylvia M. Medina and Kristin Combs. The new book includes stunning photography by world renowned photographer, Thomas D. Mangelsen and engaging illustrations by Morgan Spicer. Learning about Grizzlies offers young readers a peek into the exciting explorations of grizzly bears.  Learning about Grizzlies covers various topics including grizzly bear characteristics, what they eat, and how they communicate. It compares the grizzly bear with other bears, and it emphasizes the importance of respecting and preserving these magnificent animals in their natural habitats. Who would win a fight between a polar bear and a grizzly bear? Learn about that and much more in this new book. This educational resource aims to raise awareness among readers about the significance of grizzlies in the ecosystem and the need for conservation efforts.  Sylvia Medina is renowned for her previous works on the famous Grizzly 399 and her quadruplets. "Our goal is to inspire young minds about wildlife conservation. In this book we dive deeper into the environmental and ecological nuances that define these bears. We want to provide inspiration to find ways to reduce interactions between the bears and humans and increase recognition of the importance of supporting wildlife in their natural habitat," said Medina. As an acclaimed author of more than 20 children's books and a dedicated animal activist, Sylvia is committed to making a difference. A portion of the proceeds from each book supports animal welfare and conservation efforts, embodying her spirit of activism. She collaborates closely with various nonprofit organizations and rescue missions.  Green Kids Club provides educational materials and books aimed at nurturing environmental awareness and fostering a love for the planet's diverse ecosystems. Founded by Sylvia Medina, Green Kids Club is committed to promoting wildlife conservation and environmental stewardship among children and families worldwide.  Green Kids Club donates a portion of its proceeds to support animal welfare, conservation, and family causes. To purchase a book and contribute to their efforts visit our website, www.greenkidsclub.com. Proceeds from this book will go to The Cougar Fund and Wyoming Wildlife Advocates.  About Green Kids Club Green Kids Club focuses on spreading the word about environmental issues relating to people and animals through storytelling. Green Kids Club donates a portion of its proceeds to support animal welfare, conservation, and family causes. To purchase a book and contribute to their efforts visit our website, www.greenkidsclub.com.  For media inquiries, please contact: Kathleen Barton, Katgreenkid@gmail.com 203.982.8202 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510784/learning-about-grizzlies) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 