# MILITARY SPOUSE ADVOCACY NETWORK LAUNCHES THE FIFTH COHORT OF THE MILITARY SPOUSE LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM

SAN ANTONIO, TX, May 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- In celebration of Military Spouse Appreciation Day, MSAN is once again proud to offer the Military Spouse Leadership Development Program (MSLDP), presented by Car Donation Foundation's Vehicles for Veterans. The second 2024 MSLDP cohort will include 50 change-making and community service-oriented military spouses.   Applications open on May 10, 2024, and will remain open until June 7, 2024, at 11:59 p.m. EST.   After the overwhelming success of several previous MSLDP cohorts, it is clear that MSAN fulfills the ongoing need for a world-class leadership program dedicated to military spouses.   We whole-heartedly invite all spouses of currently serving United States military members from any branch of our armed services, including the Reserves and Guard OR a post 9-11 Gold Star Spouse, Surviving Spouse, Caregiver, Spouse of a Veteran or Retiree to submit an application.   For eligibility information and to apply, visit www.militaryspouseadvocacynetwork.org/msldp.   For questions about the Leadership Development Program, please email msldp@milspouseadvocacynetwork.org.   About the Military Spouse Leadership Development Program The MSLDP is a free, global, and virtual training program focused on providing military spouses the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of Leadership, Service, Advocacy, and Mentorship. It serves developing leaders by unlocking their potential to become future action-oriented leaders, advocates, and mentors within their respective areas of interest and expertise.   Over the course of four months, the program will provide a diverse cohort of 50 military spouses from all military branches training from:  National Preparedness Leadership Initiative at Harvard University Psych Hub- Mental Health Ally Certificate  Top military leaders and influential panel participants  Impactful voices in the community Professional communications training   Upon course completion, the participants will receive a Leadership Certificate from the National Preparedness Leadership Initiative at Harvard University, professional communications training, and a certificate in mental health allyship from PsychHUB.  From Verenice Castillo, MSAN Founder & CEO "Military spouses are recognized as catalysts for positive change within our communities, as they undertake roles in service, leadership, mentorship, and advocacy to drive enhancements," said Verenice Castillo, MSAN founder and CEO. "This initiative focuses on the growth of prospective leaders by delivering valuable and transformative training to military spouses aspiring to bring positive impact to their communities. I am honored to welcome VFV back to another cohort. Their continuous support and confidence in this program and military spouses is truly impactful."  From Loren Dorshow, Executive Director at Car Donation Foundation d/b/a Vehicles For Veterans: "At Vehicles For Veterans, we strongly support MSAN's mission to strengthen communities through the amazing resource of military spouses," Loren Dorshow, executive director of Vehicles For Veterans, said. "Now anyone can help support amazing veterans charities and organizations like MSAN, and help veterans and their families by donating an unwanted vehicle."  About Military Spouse Advocacy Network Military Spouse Advocacy Network (MSAN) is a 501c3 nonprofit organization with a mission to create stronger military families through education, empowerment, and support. MSAN's Military Spouse Mentorship-HUB helps bridge military families from every branch of the Armed Forces and their surrounding communities in locations around the world through a Virtual Education and Resource Center, Military Spouse Mentorship Program, and Leadership Development Program. MSAN's collaborations with official military installations, Department of Defense (DoD) resources, and trusted partner organizations provide a structured and personal approach through a one-of-a-kind peer-to-peer mentorship experience, building long-term connections to local and national resources and expanding the military family sense of community. MSAN strives to improve morale and military retention, increase the utilization of resources, and continue to invest in the communities that our leaders serve.  For more information on MSAN and its programs, visit www.militaryspouseadvocacynetwork.org. Follow MSAN on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.  About Vehicles for Veterans Car Donation Foundation d/b/a Vehicles For Veterans is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit vehicle donation program dedicated to providing funding that will help to build better lives for all of our nation's veterans and their families. The Vehicles For Veterans program supports disabled veterans and other causes for our nation's veterans. These causes include, but are not limited to, health and wellness, employment, medical care, disability, pension, and housing.  By donating your car, boat, RV, motorcycle or other vehicles, you can support these charitable organizations and further their important work for veterans. Veterans have given so much with their service. Help give back by donating your car to Vehicles For Veterans.   For more information, please visit: https://www.vehiclesforveterans.org  Media Contact: Stephanie Allen, MSAN Communications & Marketing Director sallen@milspouseadvocacynetwork.org media@milspouseadvocacynetwork.org 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510792/military-spouse-advocacy-network-launches-the-fifth-cohort-of-the-military-spouse-leadership-development-program)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cpq8vx/msan_offers_military_spouse_leadership/