# Patrick O' Donnell honored with Lifetime Achievement Awards 2024

LOS ANGELES, CA, May 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Veteran photojournalist Patrick O'Donnell was honored with the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award at the annual 2024 Awards Banquet of the Press Photographers Association of Greater Los Angeles (PPAGLA). This distinguished recognition celebrated O'Donnell's legacy.  Founded in 1936, the Press Photographers Association of Greater Los Angeles (PPAGLA) is dedicated to promoting excellence in photojournalism and supporting the professional development of photographers in the Greater Los Angeles area.   In his 60-year career O'Donnell has photographed every U.S. president from Dwight Eisenhower to Joe Biden, only missing John Kennedy and Donald Trump, during his tenure as a newspaper photographer, freelancer, and college professor.   The Lifetime Achievement Award acknowledges his enduring impact on the journalism community. His ability to capture the human experience with authenticity and depth has earned him the respect and admiration of peers and audiences alike.  In April, friends, colleagues, industry leaders, and supporters gathered to celebrate his achievements and commemorate his career in the field of photography. At the event, he debuted his new book "What Do 11 U.S. Presidents, the Dalai Lama and Whoopi Have in Common?" It is available on Amazon and Kindle. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510787/patrick-o-donnell-honored-with-lifetime-achievement-awards-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 