# Convenient, Easily Accessible Vehicle Storage Available at Blue Mound 287

FORT WORTH, TX, September 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Finding a decent, cost-efficient spot to safely store cars, boats or other vehicles can be a struggle. Blue Mound 287 Self Storage provides the answer for secure, affordable vehicle storage. Whether it's a high-value collectible car, golf cart, Conestoga wagon, kayak, motorcycle, teardrop camper, trailer, snowmobile, luxury motorhome, yacht, food truck or big rig truck, you'll find peace of mind knowing your prized property will be safe.   Blue Mound 287 storage units are suitable for all types of vehicles, old or new – from jet skis to jalopies, Bentleys to baby carriages, canoes to catamarans to cabin cruisers, trailers to trucks – plus everything in between and more.   Located at 870 Blue Mound Rd West in Fort Worth, Texas, Blue Mound 287 offers a wide variety of sizes and options at very competitive self storage rates to make your storage experience run smoothly. Indoor units range in size from 5' X 5' all the way up to 25' X 40' and 12' X 100'. To store a compact car, the 10' X 15' unit would be ideal. If you're looking for an off-season place to keep your Class A motorhome, the larger-sized spaces can meet your needs. If you're restoring or working on your vehicle and need power, certain units are equipped with lighting and electricity. You can choose between outdoor (non-climate control) or indoor (climate controlled), gravel or concrete parking, covered or uncovered storage, or units that are either open or enclosed with a door.  For your convenience, Blue Mound 287 features 24-hour access seven days a week, which isn't always easy to find. Safety and security are important to us, which is why our facility has video surveillance and a passcode-protected entrance and exit gate. Each secure self storage tenant receives a personalized gate passcode, which is required when entering and exiting the facility. Our security system maintains a log with the history of every passcode used to enter and exit, along with access dates and times.   When you're trying to find a suitable storage facility, location is one of the most important considerations. Blue Mound 287 is conveniently situated just off Highway 287 and close to I-35 West, so it is easily accessible from surrounding areas.  Storage is offered on a month-to-month basis, so you never have to worry about signing a burdensome lease agreement. To make your payment fast and easy, monthly auto-debit means you don't have to make time to come in and pay. Blue Mound 287 offers attractive self storage move in specials to help you save money. And all veterans and first responders receive a 10-percent discount on rent as a way of thanking you for your service.  At Blue Mound 287, we know times are tough and money can be tight. That's why we're offering use of our free moving truck for local clients who are ready to move to our facility. This 16-foot box truck contains an automatic lift gate to facilitate your move. To make things even easier, we include a hand truck and moving blankets, all at no cost to you.  Management is located onsite at Blue Mound 287 to provide prompt, efficient service. If you have any issues or questions, our office hours are from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday, and from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays.  If you're storing equipment, you'll be happy to know that all storage units in Blue Mound 287 feature drive-up access, as they are located on the ground level. You can pull your vehicle right up to the door of your unit to load or unload.  Blue Mound 287 is one of many properties owned and managed by RDS Real Estate. Based in Fort Worth, RDS proudly serves the greater Tarrant County area. The company has retail space for rent, as well as commercial properties for lease that are ideal for industrial, manufacturing, office and warehouse use.  About Blue Mound 287 Self Storage Blue Mound 287 Self Storage is part of a large family of properties managed by RDS Real Estate, which is based in Fort Worth, Texas. All Blue Mound 287 Self Storage rentals are on a month-to-month basis. For more information about storage spaces, call (817) 439-1380 or visit our self-storage website. For self-storage in Johnson County, please visit our sister company, Mouser Self Storage.  About Mouser Self Storage Mouser Self Storage is a locally owned and operated self-storage facility in Alvarado, TX. Right off FM 917 between Hwy 287 and I-35W in the 917 Industrial Park, Mouser self-storage is the best choice for high quality competitively priced secure self-storage. Call (682) 800-3949 to ask about storage specials, RV self-storage or covered boat storage units.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial and multi-use space in Johnson, Parker and Tarrant counties, with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, Alvarado and Haltom City. For information about any RDS properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, email leasing@rdsinvestments.com or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509548/convenient-easily-accessible-vehicle-storage-available-at-blue-mound-287) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 