# Surface Tech Announces Launch of Jay's Corner: A New Resource Hub for the Asphalt Additive Community and Low Carbon Action https://surface-tech.com/jays-corner/

SOLANA BEACH, CA, May 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Surface Tech Announces Launch of Jay's Corner: A New Resource Hub for the Asphalt Additive Community and Low Carbon Action https://surface-tech.com/jays-corner/  Surface Tech, a leading innovator in the asphalt additive industry, is thrilled to announce the launch of Jay's Corner, a comprehensive asphalt additive online resource designed to keep state Departments of Transportation (DOTs), cities, counties, producers, and agencies abreast of the latest updates and insights in asphalt additives. This initiative is especially tailored to facilitate understanding and action concerning the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA).  Jay's Corner aims to serve as the go-to information hub where industry professionals can find not only news but also in-depth analysis, actionable advice, and opportunities for community engagement regarding low-carbon solutions and sustainable practices.  Today's News at Jay's Corner In this dedicated section, users will receive updates, critical insights, and actionable information. Our focus is to keep all relevant parties connected to significant legislative developments and advancements in asphalt additive technology that are poised to impact their operations and strategic decisions.  Information Timeline Jay's Corner is not just about staying updated—it's about turning information into action. Here's what members can expect:  •	In-Depth Analysis: Detailed examinations of policies, bills, and industry trends to provide a comprehensive understanding of the current landscape and its implications.  •	Actionable Advice: Practical, timely advice on navigating and leveraging the legislative and technological environment to optimize outcomes.  •	Community Engagement: A platform to connect with peers, share knowledge, pose questions, and collaborate on projects with other industry professionals passionate about advancing the field of asphalt additives.  •	Expert Contributions: Insights from industry leaders, policymakers, and technical experts who provide unique perspectives and valuable information, enriching the community's knowledge base.  Jay's Corner is your dedicated space to stay informed, engage with experts, and drive forward with innovative, low-carbon solutions in the asphalt additive industry.   Join us to stay ahead in implementing effective and sustainable practices that shape the future of infrastructure. https://surface-tech.com/jays-corner/jays-corner-contact-form/  About Surface Tech Surface Tech is committed to pioneering advanced long life, low carbon solutions in the asphalt industry, enhancing material performance and sustainability. Our dedication to innovation and quality ensures that our clients receive the best, most reliable information, and products available.  About Jay Hansen Jay Hansen spent the past 25 years leading the government affairs team for the National Asphalt Pavement Association (NAPA) and in that role served as the industry's key representative on federal legislation and important issues.  "As a highly recognized and trusted government affairs representative in Washington, Jay succeeded in helping set the guidelines for the asphalt industry's goals," said Steve Santa Cruz, President of Surface Tech. "He helped grow the highway program, secured research funding for the asphalt industry, and defeated harmful pavement type-selection and pavement design mandates that would have been detrimental to the asphalt paving market. It is an honor to have him join our team and we look forward to additional legislative advancements for our company and our industry in the future."  During his successful tenure at NAPA, Hansen secured $140 million in congressionally supported airfield and highway research funding. Working with grassroots and other like-minded associations, he also played a lead role in establishing the first ever Transportation Construction Coalition Fly-in in 2001 that has become the highway construction industry's premier legislative event in Washington, DC.  Today, there is a tremendous amount of interest in Congress regarding construction materials, with the Biden Administration now prioritizing the procurement of low carbon asphalt and concrete. In Congress, there is now committee and congressional staff dedicated to looking at how these materials are manufactured, used, and procured. They are looking for ways to decarbonize the construction industry.  "With the solutions that Surface Tech offers in extending the life of asphalt pavements utilizing EPD-listed products, I am excited to be able to share with our legislators and decision-makers evidence of a proven technology that can positively impact carbon reduction in asphalt paving," said Hansen.  Hansen will be developing and implementing an overall corporate government affairs strategy and directly engaging with members of Congress, regulators, and industry associations to raise awareness of the continuing need to adopt workable solutions for increasing sustainability in asphalt pavements.  For additional information, please contact: Jay Hansen Email: Jay.Hansen@surface-tech.com   Phone:+1 619 880 0265 Website: https://surface-tech.com/jays-corner/  Connect with us on LinkedIn to stay updated on the latest at Jay's Corner.  To learn more about Surface Tech please visit https://surface-tech.com  We Extend Pavement Life  Aramid Reinforced Composite Asphalt, prevents asphalt cracking by reinforcing the pavement structure and effectively absorbing tensile stresses, ensuring long-lasting, crack & rut-resistant roads. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510656/surface-tech-announces-launch-of-jays-corner-a-new-resource-hub-for-the-asphalt-additive-community-and-low-carbon-action-httpssurface-techcomjays-corner) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 