# AAM Announces Senior Leadership Promotions to Support Continued Developer Services Growth and Innovation

TEMPE, AZ, October 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Associated Asset Management (AAM), a nationally recognized leader in community association management and accounting services for clients throughout the United States, is pleased to announce the promotion of Shelley Reith to Senior Vice President of Developer Services and Marsha Smith to Vice President of Developer Services, effective immediately. These promotions reflect the company's ongoing commitment to fostering internal talent and delivering superior service to its partners and clients.  Shelley Reith has been part of the AAM team for over 20 years and has played a key role in driving the success of the Developer Services team since 2022. In her new role as Senior Vice President, Reith will oversee the strategic direction of the department, focusing on expanding services into new and existing housing markets, improving client relations, and ensuring continued growth and innovation. Her leadership has been instrumental in Developer growth in key markets, making this promotion a natural next step in her career.  Marsha Smith, a valued member of the team for nearly 20 years, has been promoted to Vice President of Developer Services. In her new capacity, Smith will continue to lead and manage key projects and processes, while also assuming greater responsibilities in shaping the department's future initiatives as well as continued growth in the Arizona housing market. Smith's expertise in Pre-Development consulting and New Community set-up has significantly contributed to AAM's success, and the company is excited to see her leadership expand further.  "We are proud to acknowledge the exceptional contributions of Shelley Reith and Marsha Smith with these promotions," said Amanda Shaw, AAM President. "Their innovative spirit and commitment to excellence have been instrumental in shaping AAM's reputation. As we continue to evolve to meet our clients' needs and industry demands, their leadership will be more valuable than ever."  AAM looks forward to continued success under the leadership of Reith and Smith.  ABOUT AAM Founded in 1990, Associated Asset Management (AAM) is a professional Community Association Management Company dedicated to delivering total peace of mind. Over the last 34 years, AAM has grown to be one of the foremost providers of professional community association services in the United States. AAM specializes in the forward planning and management of master-planned, single-family, condominium, active adult, urban high-rise, and mid-rise communities, as well as providing consulting services for accounting, marketing, and operational organizations. AAM combines association management, accounting, compliance, developer services, and customer care under one roof, creating a cohesive and coordinated environment needed to provide exceptional community association management. For more information, visit www.associatedasset.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515049/aam-announces-senior-leadership-promotions-to-support-continued-developer-services-growth-and-innovation) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 