# Kimberly Boone PhD's book "I Am Unique, Not Weird" Becomes a Best Seller!

TAMPA, FL, March 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Kimberly Boone PhD launched her new book "I Am Unique, Not Weird", and it became a Best Seller!  This is the book to inspire your child to their greatness!  Meet Justice, a super awesome girl with a heart full of joy and a closet full of colorful tutus! She loves ice cream, knows roosters like no one else, and believes that being YOU is the coolest thing ever.  In I Am Unique, Not Weird, Justice shows us that it's totally okay to be different. Some people might not get it, but Justice knows that God made her special and unique. With her cool parents by her side, she stands up to name-calling and shows everyone that embracing who you are is the most amazing adventure.  Join Justice in a tale of fun, bravery, and celebrating the wonder of being yourself. It's time to celebrate the unique you!  In a recent interview on the Thriving Entrepreneur Radio Show, Kimberly Boone PhD said, "Everyone is not going to like you. You have to know how special you are. You have to know that God made you that way, and you have to be okay with that. Not only okay, but you have to celebrate that."  The host, Steve Kidd said, "What a great gift for children! It really is okay to be different, in fact, it's great! I highly recommend parents buy this book for their children and help them embrace their authentic self. You can get it on Amazon today!"  Get your copy TODAY! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CWXND6BL  KIMBERLY BOONE, PH.D. is a licensed Christian counselor, certified life coach, writer, and speaker. She is the founder of My Life Restored Counseling where she empowers people to be who God created them to be and to live their best lives. She is an inspiration to everyone she meets as she is a refreshing voice of love, truth, and wisdom. Kimberly's previous titles include If It Were A Snake and Royalty Rescued. For more information visit Kimberly at My Life Restores Counseling and A Kingdom Movement. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509630/kimberly-boone-phds-book-i-am-unique-not-weird-becomes-a-best-seller) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 