# Nasya Bellard Receives CCK's 2023 "The Child of an American Veteran" Scholarship

PROVIDENCE, RI, March 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Chisholm Chisholm & Kilpatrick LTD (CCK Law) created its "The Child of an American Veteran" Scholarship with the intent of celebrating the accomplishments of veterans and their families. This year, ahead of the 2024/2025 academic year, the $1,500 goes to Nasya Bellard, a senior at Cox Mill High School and upcoming Syracuse University Orange.  Bellard's family has long committed itself to the service of the United States Navy. The introduction to Bellard's scholarship essay sees her eloquently describe herself as "lucky number four" – the fourth generation to "paint with the blue and white colors of the Navy."  Bellard's essay notes that it was her great-grandmother who first joined the Navy, serving as one of the first black women in North Carolina to work as a World War II nurse. Today, Bellard intends to live out her great-grandmother's legacy. Her academic goals would see her complete a political science degree at Syracuse University before moving on to join the 4.5 percent of black lawyers practicing in the United States.  Bellard expresses a keen interest in real estate law and hopes to pull from her coming political and legal education to better serve her future clients. She also hopes to put this knowledge to use on behalf of veterans like her family. Bellard intends to advocate for unhoused veterans, saying, "No one [who] has served our country should sleep on the streets."  CCK Law's $1,500 scholarship will help Bellard start her freshman year at Syracuse University with reduced financial stress. She hopes to use this support to propel herself through her studies, hopefully graduating early so she can kickstart her graduate career.  The scholarship selection committee with CCK Law applauds Bellard's eloquence, dedication, and commitment to her future. It's clear from her essay that Bellard's experience as a child of veterans will take her far, as will the dedication she's honed over years of community outreach and study.  The attorneys with CCK Law are proud to award Bellard with this year's "The Child of an American Veteran" Scholarship and look forward to reading the essays of future applicants who follow her example.  About Chisholm Chisholm & Kilpatrick LTD  Chisholm Chisholm & Kilpatrick is a law firm that specializes in veterans' benefits, disability insurance claims, and bequest management. It is committed to delivering experienced legal representation and personalized service to ensure its clients receive the justice and compensation they deserve.   With a proven track record of success, the firm's experienced attorneys and dedicated staff work tirelessly to advocate for the rights of individuals facing legal challenges. At Chisholm Chisholm & Kilpatrick, each case is treated as a priority.  CCK Law is dedicated to assisting individuals and nonprofit institutions seeking to explore legal offerings, with complimentary evaluations. Reach out today to book a consultation with an attorney who prioritizes your best interests. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509606/nasya-bellard-receives-ccks-2023-the-child-of-an-american-veteran-scholarship)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1bppbov/cck_law_awards_the_child_of_an_american_veteran/