# MS Tech's Homeland Security & Defense Division Completes Shipments, Installations, and Training for EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, MULTISCAN, THREATSCAN Systems Across Middle East, India, Asia, Europe, Latam

TYSONS CORNER, VA, April 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- MS Tech Ltd. - a global developer, manufacturer, and innovator of nanotechnology, IoT and big-data sensors announces that MS Detection, its homeland security and defense division, completed another series of shipments and installations of its EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, MULTISCAN and THREATSCAN explosives and narcotics trace and vapor detection systems.  With the dramatic increase in the spread and use of large quantities of explosives and IED's in the war in the Middle East; MS Tech is continuing its efforts in the deployment of its explosives and narcotics detection sensors, products and IOT solutions across aviation security checkpoints, air cargo screening, border control and critical infrastructure sites with its existing customers as well as in new territories.  The recurring procurements over the years along with recurring renewals of service and maintenance agreements speaks volumes about the overall performance and reliability of our HF-QCM nanotechnology sensors and our detection products," says Doron Shalom, CEO. "We are delighted to supply our explosives and narcotics detection systems to over 70 different airports. Our systems offer advanced and innovative trace detection of passengers, carry-on and checked baggage, enhancing security and improving checkpoint throughput and operational efficiency. Again, this latest cycle of deployments and installations is in many cases replacing old and outdated radioactive instrumentation with our patented and proprietary green and safe HF-QCM sensors used in our products and solutions," he adds.  MS Tech's flagship products are the EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, LIQUISCAN, MULTISCAN and the THREATSCAN: The EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, MULTISCAN and THREATSCAN are explosive and narcotics trace and vapors detectors and the LIQUISCAN is a liquid explosives detector that uses the innovative High-Frequency Quartz Crystal Microbalance "HF-QCM" nanotechnology sensors developed, manufactured and patented by MS Tech Ltd. The products feature an innovative design with self-calibrating and self-cleaning capabilities, with the highest levels of sensitivity and operational availability. The HF-QCM nanotechnology sensors are non-radioactive, providing a completely green and safe working environment.  The EXPLOSCAN, DUOSCAN, LIQUISCAN, MULTISCAN and the THREATSCAN, are ideal for aviation and transportation security, high-threat facilities and infrastructures, military, customs and border control, mail inspection and cargo screening markets. The systems are operational proven in a wide spectrum of temperatures and withstand even the harshest environmental conditions including, dust and humidity.  About MS Tech Ltd.: MS Tech is a global developer, manufacturer and innovator of nanotechnology detection and diagnostics sensors. MS Tech's technologies are based on its award winning and patented sensors, which represent a scientific breakthrough in the detection and identification of materials in gas, vapor and liquid phases. With over 25 years of history in analytical chemistry and technology experience, MS Tech's innovative sensor technologies are environmentally friendly with widespread applications in several market sectors, including food safety & product inspection, homeland security & defense, bio-medical diagnostics, fire & smoke detection, water & air monitoring and aerospace. MS Tech develops, manufactures and supplies customized detection sensors and integrated solutions to its affiliate companies and other industrial OEMs and resellers.   MS Tech invites inquiries about the application of its sensor technologies for the development of new products through strategic and commercial partnerships.  Press Contact: Mauricio Alvarez PR & Marcom Manager mauricio.a@ms-technologies.com T: +1.432.244.0306 www.ms-technologies.com  SOURCE: MS TECH LTD. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510204/ms-techs-homeland-security-defense-division-completes-shipments-installations-and-training-for-exploscan-duoscan-multiscan-threatscan-systems-across-middle-east-india-asia-europe-latam)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1c874y5/ms_tech_ltd_completes_shipments_and_installations/