# Suter launches new HF-TOA288-SDI heavy fuel engine at xPonential 2024

TURBENTHAL, SWITZERLAND, April 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Suter is launching their new HF-TOA288-SDI heavy fuel engine at this years' xPonential 2024 in San Diego, CA (Booth #3650). This new 22.5hp unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) engine meets the growing demand for engines utilizing jet fuel (Jet-A1, JP5, JP8) to meet safety and logistics goals of global customers.   Suter has produced over 300 gasoline TOA288 engines to date and the increase in demand for larger heavy fuel UAV engines for group 3 UAV's was the driver for developing this new engine. The Suter HF-TOA288-SDI is a twin cylinder, horizontal opposed, air cooled, two cycle engine, with semi-direct fuel injection and a 1kW starter/generator (2 kW optional). Displacement is 288cm3. Power: 16.5kW (22.5HP) @6500rpm. The engine was a design collaboration between CAE GmbH and Suter Industries combining CAE's 25 years of manned & unmanned 2-stroke engine experience with Suter's over 25 years of 2-stroke motorcycle racing design & manufacturing experience. The result is a high performance, reliable, world class UAV engine currently produced in Switzerland.  Dietrich Kehe, CEO and founder of CAE GmbH said, "This new engine pushes further 2-stroke heavy fuel combustion technology resulting in an engine with reliable combustion through hot/cold/altitude operational conditions." Lars Jäger. CSO of Suter Industries went on to say, "We continue to expand our capabilities, personnel and facilities to advance our aerospace engine solutions to meet challenging customer performance and delivery requirements."   This new heavy fuel engine will be on display at the Suter Industries booth #3650 at xPonential 2024 APR 23-25th in San Diego, CA.  About Suter Industries AG: Grand Prix racing driver and founded the Suter Racing company in 1996. The company is known for their "SuterClutch" and other products for the motorcycle racing market including high-performance engines, motorcycles and various components. In 2015, Suter Racing launched a four-cylinder two-stroke racing machine with the 200hp Suter500, which was developed completely in-house. Suter's aerospace group was started in 2018 and designs and produces advanced UAV engines. The engines have high power density, low fuel consumption and can operate on multiple fuels. To learn more visit: https://www.suter-aviation.ch  About CAE GmbH: CAE GmbH is lead by Dietrich Kehe who is a mechanical engineer with over 24 years' experience in manned and unmanned 2-stroke aircraft engines. He received his engineering degree with a focus on combustion engines from the University of Hochschule für Technik – Esslingen (Stuttgart, Germany area). Dietrich has developed clean sheet engine designs for advanced UAV applications utilizing advanced electronic fuel injection (including direct injection) technology. These solutions are flying on some of the world's most advanced UAV applications. CAE GmbH has teamed with Suter to develop world class UAV engines for the global market.  About UAV Propulsion Tech: Schmidt Products, LLC (dba UAV Propulsion Tech) is a privately held US company located in Tampa, FL that markets global UAV technology into the US UAV market, and is the US representative for Suter Industries. To learn more, visit www.uavpropulsiontech.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510091/suter-launches-new-hf-toa288-sdi-heavy-fuel-engine-at-xponential-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 