# AudFree 2024 Easter Special Sales - Up to 50% Off

CALIFORNIA, March 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Easter Day is coming. Now, AudFree Software is holding a special promotion sale during this holiday for its hot single products and a super bundle at up to 50% off. All customers can get discounts for products like Spotify music converter, Apple Music converter, Tidal music converter, Amazon Music converter, Deezer music converter and audio capture they like.  Below are the details of these special deals:  Part 1. Get AudFree Single Product at Up to 35% Off  There are 6 single deals offered by AudFree in this Easter sales party. Users can get up to 35% off to get the product for a month or lifetime on their Windows or Mac computer. With these tools, users can download and convert music from Spotify, Apple Music, Tidal, Amazon Music, Deezer, Pandora and so on to plain audio formats for listening offline anytime.  Monthly License: AudFree Spotify Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Tidal Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Apple Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Amazon Music Converter: 33% off AudFree Deezer Music Converter: 33% off AudFree Audio Capture: 33% off  Lifetime License: AudFree Spotify Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Tidal Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Apple Music Converter: 25% off AudFree Amazon Music Converter: 30% off AudFree Deezer Music Converter: 30% off AudFree Audio Capture: 35% off  Part 2. Get 50% Off for AudFree 6-in-1 Super Offer  AudFree also offers a super bundle which consists of all its products for users at 50% off. It is convenient for users who use different kinds of music streaming services and want to get high-quality music output for offline listening.  AudFree 6-in-1 Super Bundle: 50% off  To learn more details, please visit AudFree's Easter promotion page online and pick up your desired deals: https://www.audfree.com/promotion/  AudFree Software is a professional software developer in the multimedia industry. It specializes in audio recording and now it has developed lots of excellent music converters to help users convert and keep music into different audio formats. With the assistance of these tools, users will enjoy digital multimedia life easier and easier. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509520/audfree-2024-easter-special-sales-up-to-50-off)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bo1nrw/audfree_easter_sale_up_to_50_off_on_popular_music/