# Rent Storage Units at Mouser Self Storage in Alvarado, TX

ALVARADO, TX, March 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Whether it's a car or a boat, a house full of furniture or the world's largest antique thimble collection, Mouser Self Storage is fast becoming the go-to place for Alvarado, Texas residents in need of storage units.   Conveniently located inside 917 Industrial Park at 4595 J D Mouser Pkwy, with easy access to I-35 and Highway 287, our storage facility serves Alvarado and surrounding towns in Johnson County.  Mouser Self Storage is also homegrown, being locally operated by RDS Real Estate, a well-known name recognized as a leader in commercial space for lease in Tarrant, Parker and Johnson Counties.  Let Ashley Oliphant, Marketing Manager for Mouser Self Storage, tell you more.  "There are just a lot of very good reasons to choose Mouser Self Storage when you want your belongings to be safe at a storage facility. Not only are we securely gated with video surveillance 24/7, we use NokeONE Smart Entry. That's a Bluetooth electronic lock system that can be accessed by a smart device, and each individual storage unit has one. This means no combination to remember or key to bring. But you will need your smart phone."  Self-storage units at Mouser Self Storage range in size from 10x10, which can hold a one-bedroom apartment's worth of furniture, two office suites, patio furniture, and small appliances, all the way up to a 10x30, holding the furnishings of a four-to-five-bedroom house, or a boat, car, or truck along with the furnishings of a one-bedroom apartment.  Storage for personal possessions, covered parking for RV's, boats, cars – our Alvarado storage units are a flexible storage solution," says Oliphant. "We also have hobby shop units with electricity for when you need space to work on projects.  Hobby shops are ideal for people doing woodwork or furniture restoration or for entrepreneurs who need more space with electricity on a month-to-month lease.   We encourage you to get in touch for more information about Mouser Self Storage. Contact Manager Ashley Oliphant at (682) 800-3949 or visit mouserselfstorage.com.  About 917 Industrial Park  917 Industrial Park is a brand-new office/warehouse park located near Alvarado, TX at 4500 – 4584 JD Mouser Pkwy. The industrial property for lease will range from 1,200 square feet up to 26,400 square feet. Each warehouse for rent will include one office, one restroom, and 14-foot-tall bay doors. Outside storage is also available with select units. In addition to commercial property for rent, 917 Industrial Park is also the home of Mouser Self Storage located at 4595 JD Mouser Pkwy.   About Mouser Self Storage  Mouser Self Storage is a locally operated self-storage facility in Alvarado, TX. Right between Hwy 287 and I-35W in the 917 Industrial Park, Mouser Self Storage is the best choice for high-quality, competitively priced secure self-storage. Call (682) 800-3949 to ask about storage specials, RV self-storage, or covered boat storage units.  About RDS Real Estate  RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial, and multi-use space in Johnson, Parker, and Tarrant counties, with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, Alvarado, and Haltom City. For information about any RDS properties, including this Alvarado industrial space, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, email leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509323/rent-storage-units-at-mouser-self-storage-in-alvarado-tx) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 