# Skin and Lash Pro Dajah Thompson Growing a Loyal Following for Marie Beauty Essentials at Salon and Spa Galleria Six Flags in Arlington, TX

FORT WORTH, TX, March 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- It's not the first time we've heard this story within the beauty industry. But there's a reason this narrative comes up again and again – because it's just so true.  "I always used to call them my self-care days," smiles Dajah Thompson, owner and resident esthetician at Marie Beauty Essentials. "I ultimately realized that I was enjoying it so much, I should learn how to do it and offer it as a service. Now that's what I do."  Good for her. That's why you'll find Dajah Thompson, every day but Sunday, at her salon suite at Salon and Spa Galleria Six Flags Dr. in Arlington, Texas.  "I put my toe in the water of this business during the quarantine and started making extra cash. And just as I expected, I was loving what I was doing. Soon enough I wanted to expand, and it led to where I am in my own salon suite today. Happiness!"  Furthering her ambition by learning from lash school and esthetician school, Dajah proved to be a quick study. Her resulting specialties? Lash extensions, facials, and hair removal.  "I've been doing lash extensions for four years and facials and hair removal for one year," reflects Dajah. "My clients leave here looking great, and they leave me feeling great! Because I care so much about providing the very best service."  For Dajah Thompson, whose self-care evolved into client care, it seems only natural that she's currently offering a new client promotional – 20% off on any service. All a new client has to do is use the discount code "NEWCLIENT20" at Marie's booking link: www.mariebeautyessentials.as.me  "If you've been thinking you'd like to up your physically aesthetic game, and who doesn't have that feeling from time to time, let me help you by dealing with the essentials," says Dajah. "Come to Marie Beauty Essentials. I'll take care of you and treat you right.   Book today!  About Marie Beauty Essentials Located inside Salon and Spa Galleria Six Flags Dr. in Suite 119, Marie Beauty Essentials is by appointment only. Book online or call (469) 781-9923. The salon is open Tuesday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Closed Sunday.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon & Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing privately held salon studio rental salons in the United States with 23 locations offering salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. To inquire about a salon room for rent, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509549/skin-and-lash-pro-dajah-thompson-growing-a-loyal-following-for-marie-beauty-essentials-at-salon-and-spa-galleria-six-flags-in-arlington-tx) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 