# Jaime Raskulinecz Shares Insights Into Investing in a Real Estate Syndication Through a Self-Directed IRA

ROSELAND, NJ, September 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Jaime Raskulinecz, CEO of Next Generation Trust Company, recently published an article in her Forbes Finance Council column about how to include a real estate syndication within a self-directed IRA.   The article details how self-directed investors can include this alternative asset within their retirement plans to build tax-advantaged retirement wealth and passive income. Real estate as an investment category is among the most popular alternative assets in self-directed IRAs. In addition to many types of investment property, account owners can include real estate syndications and lease options.   "Real estate syndications are a partnership between a group of investors who—as fractional participants in the investment—pool their resources to invest in various types of real estate assets. In the case of our clients, the self-directed IRA is the investor," explained Raskulinecz. Her firm provides full account administration and asset custody for self-directed IRAs and other plans; she is an official member of Forbes Finance Council.  The article discusses the two general types of real estate syndications (equity syndication and debt syndication), syndication structure, and how the retirement plan earns tax-advantaged passive income with the potential for favorable long-term gains.  Like any self-directed investment, Raskulinecz and her team strongly recommend that investors conduct thorough due diligence before sending investment instructions and that they are comfortable making their own investment decisions.   "With a real estate syndication, it's important to understand the business plan and fees involved, and to research the sponsor and the particular real estate market in which the syndicate is investing," she noted.  •	Read the full article about investing in real estate syndications at https://shorturl.at/t2YwV.  •	All of Raskulinecz's Forbes Finance Council content is at https://shorturl.at/JRAgV.  •	More information about self-direction as a retirement wealth-building strategy and about Next Generation is at www.NextGenerationTrust.com.  About Next Generation Founded on the philosophy that every person should have control over their retirement plans, Next Generation educates consumers and professionals about self-directed retirement plans and nontraditional investments, a strategy at one time reserved only for the very wealthy. Next Generation Services provides comprehensive account administration and transaction support, and its sister company, Next Generation Trust Company, acts as custodian for all accounts. The neutral third-party professionals at Next Generation expertly guide clients and their trusted advisors as part of their white glove, personalized service for a seamless transaction experience from start to finish. For more information, visit www.NextGenerationTrust.com, or contact Next Generation at 888.857.8058 or NewAccounts@NextGenerationTrust.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514781/jaime-raskulinecz-shares-insights-into-investing-in-a-real-estate-syndication-through-a-self-directed-ira)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1fr8sae/ceo_of_next_generation_trust_company_advises_on/