# "I AM THAT WOMAN RETREAT" ANNOUNCES SPEAKER LINEUP

CHICAGO, IL, September 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Women who hail from across the country will gather in St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands at the 2024 I Am That Woman (IATW) Retreat – a five-day, four-night women's wellness experience, Oct. 2 – 6, at the Westin Beach Resort and Spa at Frenchman's Reef. The event is sponsored by the Chicago-based I Am That Woman Movement, a 501(c) (3) nonprofit, led by Founder and President Twyler Jenkins.  As a part of a dynamic slate of activities, the women's wellness retreat will feature renowned attorney Adriane J. Dudley, of the firm Dudley Rich LLP, who will keynote the Thursday luncheon, one of the many event highlights. A native of Boston, MA, Dudley has been in active practice in the Virgin Islands since 1977. She also has served in the Office of the Attorney General and as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Virgin Islands. At the luncheon, Senator Donna A. Frett-Gregory, Liaison to the United States Congress, District: St. Thomas - St. John, also will speak with a focus on the Power of the Black Woman's Vote.  The speaker lineup also includes:  Twyler Jenkins, founder and president, IATW Movement; Dr. Portia Lockett, spiritual advisor and grief recovery method specialist; Orlena Nwokah Blanchard, founder and CEO, Seven Elements Group and Wonder Tree Skin; Karyn Calabrese, wholistic teacher and author; Cassandra Cummings, investments and wealth strategist, founder of The Stocks and Solutions Society; Dr. Jeanne Porter King, leadership consultant, board certified coach, author and inspirational speaker; Tori Prince, international beauty and skincare expert, creative founder of Tori Prince Beauty; Valerie Tyler, certified yoga and strength coach/trainer, nutritionist and motivational speaker; and Latia Vaughan, Futurist.   "These women are all at the top of their fields and often sought out for their expertise," said Jenkins. "During the retreat they will lead and share impactful holistic wellness practices designed especially for women."  Themed "Discover Your Next in Paradise," IATW Retreat speakers will focus on the six pillars of wellness – Mental, Emotional, Spiritual, Physical, Nutritional, and Financial well-being.  The goal of the sessions is to provide tools that participants can utilize to address and rid themselves of anxiety, pressure and stress, as well as mental and emotional exhaustion from their personal and professional lives. Meditation, spa treatments, yoga and swimming, among other activities, are available. Additionally, attendees will be treated to a private day tour of St. John Island.  Targeting primarily Black women ages 40 and up, the retreat fosters personal and professional development via the powerful life-transforming sessions. Opportunities for networking with influencers, entrepreneurs and established businesswomen from around the country are available throughout the event's five days.   The I Am That Woman Retreat was designed to be an intimate, peaceful gathering of like-minded women who come together and pour into each other and learn about their holistic wellness, as they build their careers and provide insightful guidance for those transitioning into the next phase of their lives. Unapologetic and fearless, the retreat is where powerful transformations happen within.   At the heart of the I Am That Woman Retreat lies a profound appreciation for the transformative power of self-care. This exclusive gathering is meticulously crafted to resonate with women leaders who not only recognize but actively embrace the importance of nurturing their well-being. Attendees understand that self-care is not just a luxury but a fundamental necessity for sustained success and fulfillment.  The IATW Retreat will close with a celebration of lessons learned, breakthroughs, and new friendships in sisterhood. To secure your registration, visit www.iamthatwomanmovement.org  ABOUT I AM THAT WOMAN RETREAT MISSION The IATW Movement, a 501(C)(3) not-for-profit, hosts the annual IATW Retreat which is an extraordinary experience that takes women through a powerful journey of learning and self-discovery. This process provides women with tools and resources to refine their next phase of life on their terms to live in their destiny. It's where they connect with compelling speakers, influential women, and robust content that feed their mind, body and spirit. It's where personal and business development meets and creates a powerful movement within.  ABOUT I AM THAT WOMAN MOVEMENT MISSION The I Am That Woman Movement, a 501(C)(3) not-for-profit, is a holistic wellness program that empowers women to achieve balance and fulfillment in all aspects of their lives. Our comprehensive approach addresses mental, emotional, nutritional, physical, financial, and spiritual wellness, providing women with the tools and support they need to thrive.The I Am That Woman Movement is launching the Protect Black Women initiative, a crucial mission to protect and empower Black women who unfortunately continue to be disproportionately targeted for violence and crimes. The alarming rates of violence against Black women demand urgent attention and collective action. Too often, our voices go unheard, and our experiences are overshadowed. We must stand in solidarity and work towards a safer and more just world for all. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514555/i-am-that-woman-retreat-announces-speaker-lineup) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 