# Carlston Ranch Breaks Ground in Carlsbad, New Mexico

CARLSBAD, NM, June 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The City of Carlsbad will soon see the development of a Master-Planned community. Carlston Ranch, a project over 10 years in the making, recently broke ground on their first of four phases. This first phase will cover 297 acres and features 139 single family lots, apartments, commercial/retail, business park, and RV Resort. It marks the beginning of an exciting new chapter for the area.  Carlston Ranch, an entitled, zoned and platted 1,232-acre community, is owned by Montclair Development Corporation (Montclair) and is strategically located in the historic and bustling City of Carlsbad, New Mexico. Initial development has commenced, with the construction and completion of the Coterra Training Center and related infrastructure at the intersection of National Parks Highway and Aviation Way. Upon completion, Carlston Ranch will be a complete, full-service community providing residents a place to live, work, and play.  "I always had faith that it was going to work," said Cheryl Carlson, one of the principal owners of Carlston Ranch. "I am excited to be a part of Carlsbad. I think we are bringing something that Carlsbad can be proud of."  The Landings, the name given to the area of phase one planned for 139 housing lots, will include other amenities like a clubhouse and pool. Infrastructure development for this initial phase will now commence.   "I am honored to be part of this groundbreaking," said Carlsbad Mayor Rick Lopez. "This project will offer many needed options for housing, retail, and industrial uses. Carlsbad will greatly benefit from Carlston Ranch being developed."  Carlston Ranch is designed to provide a diverse range of residential options, including single-family detached homes, townhomes, apartments, single-family rentals, modular homes, and RV resort(s). It also anticipates retail, grocery, and entertainment opportunities including shopping, movie theaters, and restaurants, ensuring a vibrant and dynamic lifestyle for all residents.  "I am so excited that this project has broken ground, this has been a long-awaited project for the Montclair Development Corporation and Mrs. Cheryl Carlson," said CDOD Board President Ericka Laney. "We at the CDOD are appreciative to be a part of this development and assist with all we can. Congratulations on the completion of the Coterra training center and infrastructure. We are looking forward to all there is to come with Carlston Ranch."  The Carlsbad Department of Development (CDOD) is the economic development agency for the City of Carlsbad and Eddy County, New Mexico. CDOD provides confidential assistance to businesses considering the area for expansion and new investment, as well as providing retention and expansion assistance to existing industry. For more information, visit DEVELOPCARLSBAD.ORG 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511607/carlston-ranch-breaks-ground-in-carlsbad-new-mexico) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 