# Newly Finished Office Warehouse Space Near Alvarado TX

ALVARADO, TX, June 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The 917 Industrial Park has recently finished a 300,000-square-foot expansion. With available space sizes from 1,250 square feet to 26,400 square feet, tenants will be sure to find commercial space to meet their needs.  The 917 Industrial Park is close to main roads, including the Heritage Parkway, Highway 287 and I-35 West. This property is easy to get to from Alvarado, Burleson, Cleburne, Crowley, Fort Worth, Grandview, Joshua, Keene, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rendon, South Fort Worth, Venus and beyond.  RDS Real Estate is pleased to present 4577 JD Mouser Parkway - 105, an excellent property available for immediate occupancy in a well-run locally managed business park. This property listing is located just outside of Alvarado city limits, which eliminates the need for a Certificate of Occupancy.  Unit 105 features a spacious 4,000 square feet, two 14-foot-tall bay doors with one dock high, one office, and one restroom.   Prospective tenants can find out more about this listing on the RDS Real Estate website. To schedule a showing, contact RDS Real Estate VP Jim Eaton.  "Those seeking industrial property for rent Fort Worth that need easy access to South Fort Worth should consider our listings at 917 Industrial Park," said Eaton.  About 917 Industrial Park  917 Industrial Park is a brand-new office / warehouse park located near Alvarado, TX at 4500 – 4584 JD Mouser Pkwy. The industrial property for lease will range from 1,200 square feet up to 26,400 square feet. Each warehouse for rent will include one office, one restroom and 14' tall bay doors. Outside storage is also available with select units. In addition to commercial property for rent, 917 Industrial Park will also be the home of Mouser Self Storage located at 4595 JD Mouser Pkwy which offers storage units for rent as well as covered RV parking and hobby shops ranging from 360 to 960 square feet and include electrical outlets. All Mouser Self Storage rentals are on a month-to-month basis. 917 Industrial Park and Mouser Self Storage are locally managed and operated by RDS Real Estate located in Fort Worth, TX. For more information about leasing space in the business park, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224 or visit www.rdsrealestate.com.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial space, and multi-use space in Tarrant County with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance Area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any of their properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510257/newly-finished-office-warehouse-space-near-alvarado-tx) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 