# Recognizing Those Making an Impact in the Affordable Housing and Community Development Industries

RALEIGH, NC, June 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Annually, CAHEC recognizes individuals and organizations for their significant contributions to the affordable housing and community development industries at our Awards Luncheon during the Partners Conference. This year the conference was held in downtown Raleigh, with the Awards Luncheon occurring on June 4th – the first day of the conference.   CAHEC is pleased to share the recipients of the 2024 CAHEC Awards:  •	Development of the Year - Charleston Square Apartments  Charleston Square Apartments, located in Troy, Alabama, was recognized as the recipient of the 2024 Development of the Year Award for a variety of reasons, including that the property successfully underwent a robust rehab of the property to improve the lives of their residents while limiting post-rehab rent increases to a maximum of $5 a month across all unit types. The extensive renovation of the property included updating the existing community building, adding a computer center, installing a new indoor fitness center, constructing a new gazebo and covered picnic pavilion, renovating the existing playground, replacing sidewalks and pavement, installing a new bicycle rack, and, most importantly, accessibility upgrades to bring the property into compliance with accessibility and sensory unit standards. The property also has three units available for households including persons with disabilities and/or homeless individuals to further its community impact and support.  •	CAHEC Values Award – Shannon Pow  CAHEC is guided in its mission by adhering to its core values of Integrity, Excellence, Innovation, and Fun. The CAHEC Values Award recognizes an individual who exemplifies these values in their work and life. Shannon Pow is the President and Owner of Remnant Management, Inc. which she opened in 2020 with her son and daughters as co-owners. Shannon has extensive experience and in-depth knowledge of affordable housing, including the numerous programs and financing opportunities within the industry. She is known to go above and beyond for all of her residents and has the same approach in her leadership role. In addition to her outstanding work with Remnant Management, she remains the Chief Financial and Operations Officer for United Management II, has her NC broker-in-charge license, and a North Carolina general contractor license. Shannon is reliable, responsive, kind, and determined and is described as very hands-on with any task she approaches. Her values align with CAHEC's own, making her an ideal recipient for this award.   •	Outstanding Community Impact - Intergenerational Center for Arts and Wellness  The award for Outstanding Community Impact was presented to the Intergenerational Center for Arts and Wellness (ICAW) in recognition of its vision to transform the community through an innovative and collaborative multi-service community hub. Senior Services is the organization behind the new facility that works to provide intergenerational interactions by bringing children, seniors, and all races and backgrounds together to create a community of understanding. This multi-tenant center provides improved access to critical social services, including elder care, healthcare, early childhood education, arts, and more. The new facility allowed Senior Services to expand its adult day center and partner organizations to expand services to the community to include an expanded Head Start program, providing primary care and other healthcare services, healthcare occupation training, creating space for art studios, operating a café providing a culinary job training program, provide space for intergenerational engagement and performance opportunities, and launch a geriatric clinic and research center. The positive impacts expected from the new facility are made possible through ICAW's collaboration with twenty-one community partners, who will utilize dedicated and/or shared space within the center.  •	Resident Spotlight – Tina Rice  Tina Rice is a resident of Northpoint Commons II in Asheville, NC. She is a full-time instructional assistant at Buncombe County Schools and is also working towards her bachelor's degree in social work at Mars Hill University. Her childhood experiences taught her the value of breaking the cycle of trauma; prioritizing emotional and psychological well-being is something she's been very passionate about, which is why she wants to become a social worker. Beyond her job at school and being a student, she volunteers at her local food bank, organizes clothing drives for underprivileged children, and fundraises for charitable causes. Tina is said to be determined, driven, and kind-hearted by her site manager. She was recently diagnosed with an auto-immune disorder and continues to give back to her community despite the challenges that accompany her diagnosis.  CAHEC is a community investment organization based in Raleigh, NC, and Columbia, SC, that offers housing and life-changing opportunities to residents throughout its Southeast and Mid-Atlantic footprint. CAHEC's product areas include investing in low-income housing tax credits, historic tax credits, new markets tax credits, and renewable energy credits. Additionally, CAHEC provides loan programs, wellness and education initiatives for residents, affordable housing development, and property management services. To learn more about its contributions to affordable housing and surrounding communities, visit CAHEC's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511580/recognizing-those-making-an-impact-in-the-affordable-housing-and-community-development-industries)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1dd85c9/2024_cahec_awards_recognize_outstanding/