# Tibetan Tourism in the First Half of 2024

LHASA, CHINA, August 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Great Tibet Tour is excited to announce the significant increase in the inbound Tibet travel industry in the first half of 2024 (January to June). According to the latest statistics, the top countries of origin for tourists were the United States, Germany, Singapore, Malaysia, and Vietnam. This data reflects Tibet's growing global appeal as a travel destination. According to the Tibet Autonomous Region's Department of Culture and Tourism, in the first quarter of 2024, Tibet received a total of 16,610 inbound tourists, marking a year-on-year increase of 525.6%. Detailed figures for the second quarter are yet to be released. This achievement is attributed to the comprehensive effect of many factors such as supportive policies, convenient transportation, and abundant tourism resources in Tibet.  At the beginning of 2024, the Chinese government introduced further visa-free policies and several entry facilitation measures, resulting in a stable increase in the number of foreigners traveling to China for tourism and business. Around 14.635 million foreigners entered China through various ports, reflecting a year-on-year increase of 152.7%. Among them, 8.542 million entered China visa-free, accounting for 52% of the total, with a year-on-year increase of 190.1%. According to the National Immigration Administration, inbound tourism is expected to continue its rising trend in the second half of 2024. This significant growth is mainly due to a series of visa-free measures introduced for major European and Southeast Asian countries, including France, Germany, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Malaysia, etc, at the end of 2023 and the beginning of 2024. These convenient policies also greatly reduced the time and steps for foreign visitors to travel to Tibet.  Meanwhile, the resumption of international flight routes and improved transportation conditions have enhanced connectivity. Tibet's transportation infrastructure has been continuously improved, greatly increasing the accessibility of air, rail, and road travel, enabling more tourists to easily reach Tibet and enjoy its natural and cultural attractions. Himalaya Airlines has resumed and added several international flights, significantly increasing passenger volume, including international flights between Lhasa and Kathmandu, Nepal. What's more, there has also been an increase in domestic flights between Tibet and other Chinese cities. According to the Civil Aviation Administration of China's prediction, the international passenger market is expected to recover rapidly this year. The weekly flights are expected to reach around 6,000 by the end of 2024, recovering to about 80% of the pre-pandemic level. Additionally, the ongoing development of highways and railways extending from Lhasa continues to improve. The Lhasa-Shigatse Expressway officially opened on June 30, 2024, significantly saving travelers' time.  Tibet boasts unique tourism resources. The most popular attractions and routes for foreign tourists in Tibet include the Potala Palace, Namtso Lake, Everest Base Camp, and Kailash Mansarovar Yatra. These sites offer a blend of the mystique of Tibetan Buddhism and the breathtaking scenery of the Tibetan Plateau. International tourists traveling to Tibet should first sign up with a local Tibetan travel agency. Your travel agency can help you obtain the Tibet Travel Permit, which is required to board flights or trains to Lhasa. Different itineraries require different permits, which can at most take up to a month to process, so please book your Tibet tour in advance. For specific inquiries, please email us at inquiry@grettibettour.com.  Great Tibet Tour is a recommended Tibet travel agency by Lonely Planet. Ever since 2005, we've designed and operated tours in Tibet from standard Lhasa City Tours to the adventurous Tibet Trekking Tours. Great Tibet Tour wants you to have a worry-free Tibet holiday by being the rock behind you, steadily and quietly taking care of all the necessary formal procedures, leaving you only the fun part of traveling in a foreign and exotic land. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513244/tibetan-tourism-in-the-first-half-of-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/TravelAndLeisureNews/comments/1ente6b/significant_increase_in_inbound_tibet_travel_in/