# Atlanta, Georgia, Criminal Defense Attorney with Years of Experience

ATLANTA, GA, March 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Law Office of Ahmad R. Crews represents clients throughout Georgia in various criminal defense practice areas, including violent offenses, drug crimes, appeals, pardons, and record restriction and sealing. Criminal matters are very serious, and the founding attorney, Ahmad R. Crews, recognizes this. With a reputation for achieving exceptional results and taking creative approaches to litigation, he is known for finding successful results where others cannot.  At The Law Office of Ahmad R. Crews, you can expect professional, dedicated, and serious legal representation in criminal matters related to felonies and misdemeanors. The firm aims to provide the highest legal representation to individuals charged with serious criminal offenses.  "The most rewarding aspect of being a criminal defense attorney is having the opportunity to represent a client whom others assume is guilty and resolving their unfair charge through diligent work. I chose criminal law because I was heartbroken by the number of individuals charged with crimes who hired attorneys who did not properly defend them. Too many individuals have criminal records due to choosing the wrong attorney. My goal is to help anyone who is unfairly charged with a crime or has a family member charged with a crime feel confident, comfortable, and powerful when facing the criminal justice system. The advice I give my clients most often is to be strong, to be confident, and not to fear. Instead, trust that I will do everything possible to mitigate your fears of being found guilty, serving prison time, or obtaining a criminal record. I want to ensure that you've hired a strong, confident, and hardworking attorney who will do all that is legally and ethically possible to protect you and your rights", said the founding attorney of The Law Office of Ahmad R. Crews.  Attorney Ahmad R. Crews takes all of his clients very seriously and personally works on all of his firm's cases. To Attorney Crews, the law is not an opinion; he will properly prepare to argue the law that applies to a particular case and give everything he has in court. He treats each of his clients like they are his only clients. They can expect to have direct access to him throughout your case.   Ahmad R. Crews received her BA at Albany State University. He obtained her Juris Doctor 2016 at the Howard University School of Law. Mr. Crews is admitted to practice in Georgia and before the District of Columbia Court of Appeals. He has been selected to Rising Stars: 2021 - 2024 by Super Lawyers.  The Law Office of Ahmad R. Crews is located at 1800 Peachtree St. NE, Suite 300, Atlanta, GA 30309. You can contact them at (404) 250-3285 to schedule an appointment. Online inquiries can be submitted by completing a brief form on their website. Visit their website or Facebook page for additional information. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509536/atlanta-georgia-criminal-defense-attorney-with-years-of-experience) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 