# Maine Community Health Center Revolutionizes Document Support with Scribe–X Medical Scribe Program

NEWPORT, ME, March 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Scribe-X, the nation's premier medical scribe staffing company, proudly announces its partnership with Hometown Health, a federally qualified health center (FQHC) in Newport, Maine. The collaboration marks a significant milestone in Hometown Health's efforts to address concerns around its providers' well-being and pressing provider burnout.  Scribe-X's tailored medical scribe programs strategically address burnout and low job satisfaction by assigning documentation responsibilities to highly trained U.S.-based medical scribes. This method reduces provider documentation time and after-business-hours charting, leading to improved physician job satisfaction and a reduction in burnout.  For Dr. Michael MacDonald, Medical Director of Hometown Health, medical scribe support has been life-changing. "For me personally, it has been huge from a work-life balance perspective," he said. "We were never focused on seeing more patients. This is a provider retention and even a recruiting strategy. I walk out of here, and my charts are done."  The benefits of working with Scribe-X extend beyond its providers. Hometown Health's support staff also sees improved efficiency. "My referral coordinator loves [the scribe program] too," Dr. MacDonald said. "I am finishing notes the same day, which lets the referral department start working on their portion a day early. This also helps improve the quality of patient care."  Scribe-X's flexibility and intense commitment to customer support were showcased when Hometown Health implemented changes to its coding process right before the scribe program's launch. Scribe-X swiftly responded, ensuring their scribes were trained on the new coding process. This proactive initiative effectively supported the new workflow, minimizing confusion and ensuring consistent adherence to the updated process.  Expanding the medical scribe program will be a crucial focus for Hometown Health to reinforce its commitment to physician recruitment and retention strategy.  ABOUT HOMETOWN HEALTH HOMETOWN Health Center is a Federally Qualified Health Center, in central rural Maine, serving more than 25 communities. HHC has three locations: Newport, Dexter, and RSU19 School Based Health Center. HHC offers medical, dental, behavioral health, recovery services, and a sliding-fee scale for payment, prescription assistance programs, and much more.  ABOUT SCRIBE-X Scribe-X builds high-performing and profitable medical scribe programs that enable health centers and clinics to significantly decrease documentation workloads and reduce provider burden. U.S.-based Scribe-X Medical Scribes deliver real-time documentation directly into the clinics' EHR, allowing providers to save time, become more productive, and focus on the quality of care. As a result, clinical documentation is optimized for quality metric reimbursement and tracking. Scribe-X was recently named #635 on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in America. For more information, please visit scribe-x.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509587/maine-community-health-center-revolutionizes-document-support-with-scribex-medical-scribe-program) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 