# Thirty Thousand in Attendance for Shincheonji Church's 40th Anniversary Celebration Event

HOUSTON, TX, March 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- South-Korea-based Shincheonji Church of Jesus Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony held a celebration event for its 40th anniversary on Thursday, March 14th. The event took place at Cheongpyeong Shincheonji Peace Training Institute.  The event certainly required the staff to maintain safety and order given recent global concerns stemming from the crowd-control incident in Seoul on Halloween in 2022. Shincheonji event planners had already known how to handle an event of this size, given that three recent graduation ceremonies for the church each had more than 100,000 attendees. The commemoration event went smoothly, keeping all attendees safe.  The Chairman of Shincheonji Church of Jesus, Lee Man-hee, gave a sermon during the event to inspire the church members and guests. "Just as Jesus sacrificed himself to follow God's will, we should also understand God's will and allow it to be done, not with blind faith but with knowledge of God and our hope," he said.  The event also boasted special performances and videos commemorating the church's growth over the past 40 years. Shincheonji's teachings of the Book of Revelation have attracted hundreds of thousands of new members in recent years. Those who are interested in learning the teachings go through the Zion Christian Mission Center, a several-month study program which is free of charge and teaches the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. In 2019, 2022 and 2023, Zion Christian Mission Center had over 100,000 graduates each year.  In addition to its Mission Center, Shincheonji collaborates with other churches all around the world. The church has exchanged Bible teachings with thousands of churches, including 443 in South Korea and almost 10,000 worldwide. Many churches have responded by changing the name of their church to Shincheonji Church of Jesus and aligning their teachings. So far, almost 1,400 churches in 38 countries have adopted Shincheonji Bible teachings and changed their church names. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509557/thirty-thousand-in-attendance-for-shincheonji-churchs-40th-anniversary-celebration-event)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/eventNews/comments/1bovu0r/shincheonji_church_of_jesus_celebrates_40th/