# Global Air Charters Inks Deal with Mayfair Jets

ST. PAUL, MN, May 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Global Air Charters proudly announces a joint venture with Mayfair Jets to provide top-tier private flights across Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Representatives of each company signed the deal in early May 2024 at the Arabian Travel Market in Dubai.  According to Michael Vanacore-Netz, CEO at Global Air Charters, the agreement involves a block-hour arrangement with a year-long commitment.  "Working with Mayfair Jets will allow Global Air Charters to expand its exposure and presence to Middle East and European markets," said Vanacore-Netz.  The JV started to take shape in January 2024 and took approximately four months to complete. The current agreement involves one airframe with an option for a second to be made available 60 days after signing.  A common dedication to service, safety, and reliability played a large part in striking the accord. Mayfair Jets is an Argus Certified Broker and Global Air Charters (currently Argus Gold Plus) is concluding its Argus Platinum audit. Both entities are members of the Air Charter Association.  "We are aligned in our vision," said Vanacore-Netz. "And that simply made the partnership better."  Global Air Charters specializes in full-service aviation solutions for every facet of private air travel, from single charter flights to airframe management, brokerage, sales and acquisition. Our world-class service and industry expertise remove any uncertainty or stress from your journey.  For more information about Global Air Charters, please visit gac.aero. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510883/global-air-charters-inks-deal-with-mayfair-jets)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1csqpr0/global_air_charters_and_mayfair_jets_partner_to/