# Veterans Answer the Call: Increasing Urgency for Emergency Preparedness and Disaster Response Solutions

JACKSONVILLE, FL, May 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The escalating apocalyptic vibe surging across the nation has most people considering their future security. 'What do we do when the lights go out?' The foresight specialists at The Salty Seabag realize that Americans know they should prepare, but may not know how to do so. This pioneering team of USMC vets has answered the call, expertly crafting comprehensive bundled survival gear to fit a range of scenarios from everyday emergencies to large-scale disasters.  Prominently featured at the Miami Disasters Expo USA 2024 and launching their "Everyday Guardian Series" this month at the NRA's Annual Meeting and Exhibition, The Salty Seabag is an emerging leader in the emergency preparedness industry.  "Emergency preparedness is an individual responsibility, we cannot and should not rely solely on someone coming to our rescue. In an era where unpredictability is the only certainty, today's foresight is tomorrow's security." Will Lehrschall, The Salty Seabag Co-Founder and President  Empowering Household Preparedness: TSS aims to equip every home with the necessary tools and knowledge to respond effectively to emergencies. A focus on household emergency preparedness ensures that individuals and families can confidently navigate unexpected challenges with resilience, readiness, and confidence.  Pioneering Technological Innovation: Committed to partnering with innovative companies and offering state-of-the-art products that leverage the latest advancements in technology like Electro-Magnetic Pulse (EMP) protection, advanced medical kits, and everything in between. Leading Major Scale Response Efforts: TSS specializes in providing cutting-edge solutions for large-scale disaster scenarios, enabling rapid and efficient response efforts. With innovative technologies and strategic partnerships, the aim is to be at the forefront of disaster response, supporting communities and organizations in times of crisis.  This standout brand invites attendees of the NRA Convention to visit their booth for a firsthand look at the "Everyday Guardian Premium" and to explore the full range of survival kits they offer. For those unable to attend, all products are available on their website, where visitors can purchase not just a survival kit, but a promise of security and peace of mind.  The founders, Will and Nena Lehrschall, leverage 20+ years of military service, weapons, and tactics knowledge, Ivy League education in sociology and cultural anthropology, and membership in the World Futures Studies Federation. Transitioning from a life of service to one of contribution, these foresight specialists remain committed to their mission: to safeguard the well-being of our nation and its people.   For more information about The Salty Seabag and its innovative products, please visit www.SaltySeabag.com or contact them directly at info@saltyseabag.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510882/veterans-answer-the-call-increasing-urgency-for-emergency-preparedness-and-disaster-response-solutions) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 