# Andrew Kalloch Tapped As Oregon State Co-Chair For U.S. Term Limits

SALEM, OR, July 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Today, U.S. Term Limits announces that Andrew Kalloch has agreed to be the Oregon State Co-Chair for U.S. Term Limits. Kalloch brings a depth of both private and public service to this role. He has long advocated for term limits at the federal level and will work tirelessly in his role as Oregon State Co-Chair to see that Oregon adopts a resolution in support of common-sense term limits.   "I am honored to serve as the Oregon State Co-Chair for U.S. Term Limits," said Andrew Kalloch. "Now more than ever before, the need for term limits is crystal clear. Polls show that one issue that unites all Oregonians regardless of political affiliation is the need for congressional term limits.   "For many, serving in Congress has become a lifelong entitlement rather than a public service," concluded Kalloch. "Term limits will help improve accountability, diversify Congress, and make government work better for all Americans. I look forward to working with my Co-Chair Alek on one issue that brings all voters together."  "We are honored to have Andrew leading our efforts in Oregon along with Alek Skarlatos to pass term limits for Congress," said Philip Blumel, President of U.S. Term Limits. "Under their guidance, I am confident we will get our term limits resolution passed in Oregon."  Andrew Kalloch is the Director of Global Policy Development at Airbnb, where he has worked since 2016. Prior to his work at Airbnb, Andrew was the Deputy Policy Director to the NYC Comptroller, where he authored reports on a wide variety of public policy issues, as well as a Staff Attorney at the ACLU of New York, where his practice focused on constitutional litigation in state and federal court.  Andrew is the President of the City Club of Eugene, Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors of FOOD for Lane County, and a member of the Board of All Oregon Votes, which fights for opening Oregon's primary process to unaffiliated voters. He was a Democratic candidate for Oregon's 4th Congressional District in 2022.  Andrew and his spouse, Jenna Adams-Kalloch, reside in Eugene, and are the proud parents of three fifth-generation residents of the Southern Willamette Valley.  U.S. Term Limits is the largest grassroots term limits advocacy group in the country. We connect term limits supporters with their legislators and work to pass term limits at all levels of government, particularly on the U.S. Congress. Find out more at termlimits.org. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512615/andrew-kalloch-tapped-as-oregon-state-co-chair-for-us-term-limits)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1e6xtyw/us_term_limits_appoints_andrew_kalloch_as_oregon/