# Empowering Education: CAHEC Foundation Hosts Back-to-School Event in Wilmington

RALEIGH, NC, August 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Partnering with Truist and Remnant Management, Inc., the CAHEC Foundation successfully hosted a back-to-school event at one of the affordable properties in its portfolio. Cypress Cove is a 200-unit affordable rental community for families in Wilmington, NC. The event was held on August 16th and was attended by over 200 residents. Volunteers distributed 150 backpacks with school supplies like notebooks, folders, crayons, pencils, and more. Additionally, there was a station where children could decorate a water bottle to keep, and pizza and Italian Ice were served for all attendees to enjoy.  Truist volunteers were on site to speak with residents about their banking needs and played a Financial Fraud trivia game with parents. Stefanie Lee, Community Relations Manager for CAHEC, shared the following about the event: "We were honored to work with Truist to provide backpacks and necessary school supplies to the residents at Cypress Cove. Providing resources that help children have a successful start to the school year is an impactful experience to have. Events like this are what brings communities together!"  The CAHEC Foundation is honored to have collaborative partnerships that allow us to provide resources to residents in our communities. We look forward to hosting more resident events in the future.  Click here to watch the video recap of the event.  CAHEC is a community investment organization based in Raleigh, NC, and Columbia, SC, that offers housing and life-changing opportunities to residents throughout its Southeast and Mid-Atlantic footprint. CAHEC's product areas include investing in low-income housing tax credits, historic tax credits, new markets tax credits, and renewable energy credits. CAHEC also provides loan programs, wellness and education initiatives for residents, affordable housing development, and property management services. To learn more about their contributions to affordable housing and surrounding communities, visit CAHEC's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513870/empowering-education-cahec-foundation-hosts-back-to-school-event-in-wilmington)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1f40z1f/truist_and_remnant_management_host_successful/