# Fall is The BEST Time to Install a Patio Cover in New Mexico!

ALBUQUERQUE, NM, August 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Has this summer got you thinking about patio cover ideas? Maybe you want to know how much a patio cover costs? If you're handy, maybe you've been wondering how to build a patio cover, or better yet, how to build a patio cover attached to your house? At Allstate Roofing & Remodeling, we've got you covered!  Most of the country dealt with incredible heat waves this summer. Many areas had days on end of record breaking heat. Here in New Mexico, the majority of August has been above average heat with several record breaking days. When the heat rises, patio covers start to come into many homeowners minds for some much-needed heat relief. Autumn, however, is the perfect time to start planning your patio cover.  Fall is the start of many outdoor activities including Balloon Fiesta, chile roasting, and the pumpkin patches. These are activities we all like to share with our family. By adding a patio cover, you get to extend your outdoor living space while providing a sheltered area from the weather. Covered patios let you enjoy New Mexico's great weather year round while adding a buffer from the extremes.  Insulated patio covers help protect from the extreme heat by keeping your patio up to 20 degrees cooler in summer. You can add lights and ceiling fans to really make the space more welcoming. In the fall, that same space makes a great place for family parties and get-togethers. New Mexico is one of the few states lucky enough to have year round outdoor weather. Patio covers help to make the most of that!  If you're wondering how much a patio cover will cost, let our specialist show you the many options we have available to you and create a custom offer specifically designed for your space and needs. Contact us today to get started on your new outdoor living area with a patio cover by Allstate Roofing & Remodeling.  Allstate Roofing & Remodeling 3234 Candelaria Rd NE, Albuquerque, NM 87107 (505) 345-0068 https://allstateroofingnm.com/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513885/fall-is-the-best-time-to-install-a-patio-cover-in-new-mexico) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 