# EMAM and Twelve Labs Announce an Integrated Solution for Video AI

NEW YORK, NY, April 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- EMAM, Inc. and Twelve Labs Inc. will be showcasing the combined solution at the upcoming National Association of Broadcasters show in Las Vegas, NV, on April 14-17 at EMAM booth SL5093 and Twelve Labs booth SU4116.   In the face of expanding volumes of current and historical content with limited time and budget to tag and organize media, organizations need help making sense of and using it all. Twelve Labs provides multimodal AI models for video content, while the eMAM™ platform provides media asset management with integrated workflow process automation. The combined offering empowers organizations to easily find, create, and use video content efficiently and affordably.  Twelve Labs builds on its powerful video language foundation models and tools, including Marengo 2.6 for search and Pegasus-1 for text generation. The system can contextually understand videos and individual frames of videos so they can be easily found and used to automatically generate summaries, chapters, titles, and transcripts/captions. Users of the combined system can use the traditional eMAM search features and filters or a new natural language interaction panel to find the best video segments or whole videos as needed.   David Miller, EMAM President, shared, "Whether organizations need to make sense of the daily flood of new material, seek to use their poorly structured and tagged archive, or need to instantly find important material for breaking news, powerful AI tools will make every media library more useful and valuable."   Jae Lee, founder and CEO of Twelve Labs shared, "Manually logging videos is time-consuming and hard to scale. Moreover, object-level tags miss the context needed to add real value to your video. With the power of Twelve Lab's models available in EMAM, organizations are better equipped than ever before to make the most of their rich content."  From the web interface, eMAM users can browse the search results, preview media, and organize them into categories and projects. Non-technical users can make markers, sub-clips, and timelines/sequences to share with editors and designers using Adobe Creative Cloud and DaVinci Resolve integrated solutions for craft editing.   eMAM can manage the storage and retrieval of original resolution, mezzanine, and proxy in any number of cloud and local systems. After review and approval from eMAM and linked emails, finalized projects can be shared as links for social media, screeners, or links or shared as high-resolution media with packaging and delivery to broadcast, newsroom, or streaming/distribution platforms.  About EMAM   The eMAM product line (eMAM Vault, eMAM Publish, eMAM Workgroup, eMAM Enterprise, eMAM SaaS Cloud Service, and eMAM PaaS Cloud Platform) meets the media asset management and workflow management needs of media, government, faith, and corporate organizations in local, hybrid, and cloud environments worldwide. The eMAM™ platform has been in continuous development since 2006 with a rich tool set and scores of integrated technology partners. EMAM, Inc. is headquartered in the US with channel partners worldwide.   About Twelve Labs  Twelve Labs makes video instantly, intelligently searchable, and understandable. Twelve Labs' state-of-the-art video understanding technology enables the accurate and timely discovery of valuable moments within an organization's vast sea of videos so that users can do and learn more. Leading venture capitalists, technology companies, AI luminaries, and successful founders back the company. Twelve Labs is headquartered in San Francisco, with an APAC office in Seoul. Learn more at twelvelabs.io.  Related Link: https://www.emamsolutions.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509698/emam-and-twelve-labs-announce-an-integrated-solution-for-video-ai) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 