# Illinois Treasurer Michael Frerichs and Former Representative Carlos Curbelo to headline US SIF FORUM

WASHINGTON, DC, May 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- US SIF: The Sustainable Investment Forum today announced Illinois Treasurer Frerichs and Representative Curbelo will be one of the headline speakers at the US SIF FORUM 2024, the organization's 12th annual conference at the Swissotel in Chicago from June 24-26.  Illinois Treasurer Frerichs has served as the state's treasurer since 2014. During his tenure, Frerichs spearheaded the Sustainable Investing Act (PA 101-473), which provides that entities that hold and manage public funds should integrate material, relevant and useful sustainability factors into their investment processes.  Carlos Curbelo is a former member of U.S. House of Representatives and co-founder of Vocero, a communications and strategic consulting firm. First elected to Congress in 2014, Carlos was consistently ranked one of the most bipartisan Members of Congress and led on difficult issues like climate policy, immigration, gun reform, and tax policy. He co-founded and co-chaired the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus.   According to the most recent US SIF Trends report, $8.4 trillion of total US-domiciled assets under management use sustainable investing strategies.  Between global elections, high interest rates, the Inflation Reduction Act, new climate disclosure regulations, changing public perceptions and more, the sustainable investing community is operating in an era of extreme change and opportunity. As the largest gathering of leaders from the sustainable investing community in the US, the Forum brings together decisionmakers from the institutional, retail, financial services and public policy space to share the ideas that help them navigate a changing landscape and elevate their impact.  "From regulations and best practices to the sustainable investment implications of AI, this year's Forum will cover topics that are top of mind for sustainable investors," said Maria Lettini, CEO of US SIF. "Both former Congressman Curbelo and Treasurer Frerichs bring deep knowledge and extensive experience working in areas of importance to the sustainable investment community."  This year's agenda will also include plenary sessions: •	Former Congressman Carlos Curbelo •	Illinois Treasurer Frerichs  •	Advancing the Just Transition - Implementing the Inflation Reduction Act  •	State of the Art in Sustainability: Theory Meets Practice  •	Fireside Chat: Ambassador Ertharin Cousin •	Lunch and Listen: Journalists Speak Out •	'S' Challenges in Transition Minerals •	What the Elections Mean for the US Market and Abroad  Breakout sessions: •	Diversifying Investment Teams as Fiduciary Duty •	Systemic Risk & Systemic Change: How can diverse investment approaches tackle some of the world's most critical systemic challenges?  •	Transition Finance and Divestment: Navigating Paths to Sustainable Investment  •	What next for human capital management? •	Shareholder Rights Under Attack: Lawsuits and Congressional Testimony •	Sustainable Agriculture: Addressing the Challenges and Seizing the Opportunities to Transform the Food System •	Artificial Intelligence •	Community Investing in 2024: Trends, Opportunities, and What's Possible •	Biodiversity & Natural Capital: Unearthing the value at risk  •	Private Markets & Sustainable Impacts: How can we keep sustainable impacts and outcomes driving forward?  Member Day events include: •	Community Investing Tour •	Jon Hale - Unfiltered: Beyond the Headlines •	Workshop: Preparing for Our Policy Future  •	Understanding and Addressing Attacks on DEI •	US SIF Sustainable Investment Trends 2024 Sneak Peek •	US SIF Fundamentals of Sustainable Investing Course •	US SIF Member Annual General Meeting  Advisor Day  New this year, US SIF is offering a special discounted ticket for financial advisors to attend the inaugural Financial Advisors Day on June 25, which will feature panels, sessions and events for advisors seeking to help individual US investors understand how consideration of ESG criteria can help unlock value and achieve long-term returns.  Programming on Financial Advisor Day includes: •	FA Track: Accessing the Wealth/Retail Market •	FA Track: Fintech in Practice Management: Embedding technology in advisor workflows •	FA Track: Advisor Experience Panel; How to Operate in a World of Rhetorical and Regulatory Headwinds  Register today  To learn more about these topics and more, register now for US SIF FORUM 2024. For more about sponsoring the 2024 conference, we invite you to fill out the interest form on the US SIF site.  About US SIF and the US SIF Foundation    US SIF: The Sustainable Investment Forum is the preeminent voice advancing sustainable investing. Members, who represent $5 trillion in assets under management or advisement, support US SIF's mission is to rapidly shift investment practices toward sustainability, focusing on long-term investment, the generation of positive social and environmental impacts and supporting the shift toward a more resilient and equitable planet and society. https://www.ussif.org  US SIF is supported in its work by the US SIF Foundation, a 501(C)(3) organization that undertakes educational and research activities to advance the mission of US SIF, including offering trainings for advisors and other financial professionals on the Fundamentals of Sustainable and Impact Investment. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510878/illinois-treasurer-michael-frerichs-and-former-representative-carlos-curbelo-to-headline-us-sif-forum)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1csqooe/us_sif_forum_2024_to_feature_key_speakers/