# New Commercial Space for Lease in Alvarado TX Business Park

FORT WORTH, TX, May 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The 917 Industrial Park just completed a 300,000-square-foot expansion. With available space sizes ranging from 1,200 square feet to 26,400 square feet, you are sure to find commercial space that will meet your needs.  The 917 Industrial Park is close to main roads, including the Heritage Parkway, Highway 287 and I-35 West. This property is easy to get to from not only Alvarado, but also Burleson, Cleburne, Crowley, Fort Worth, Grandview, Joshua, Keene, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rendon, South Fort Worth, Venus and beyond.  RDS Real Estate proudly presents 4577 JD Mouser Parkway- 113, a commercial space that is a good fit for businesses seeking premier business park space in a well-run, locally managed business park. Unit 113 exemplifies RDS Real Estate's dedication to providing top-tier commercial space for lease.   This unit is located just outside of Alvarado's city limits, which eliminates the need for a Certificate of Occupancy.   "Those seeking to rent commercial property Johnson County should check out our listings at the 917 Industrial Park," says RDS Real Estate VP Jim Eaton.  Unit 113 features 4,000 square feet, two 14-foot-tall bay doors with one dock high, one office, and one restroom. To schedule a showing or for more information on this Alvarado industrial space for lease near Alvarado TX, visit the RDS Real Estate website.  About 917 Industrial Park  917 Industrial Park is a brand-new office / warehouse park located near Alvarado, TX at 4500 – 4584 JD Mouser Pkwy. The industrial property for lease will range from 1,200 square feet up to 26,400 square feet. Each warehouse for rent will include one office, one restroom and 14' tall bay doors. Outside storage is also available with select units. In addition to commercial property for rent, 917 Industrial Park will also be the home of Mouser Self Storage located at 4595 JD Mouser Pkwy which offers storage units for rent as well as covered RV parking and hobby shops ranging from 360 to 960 square feet and include electrical outlets. All Mouser Self Storage rentals are on a month-to-month basis. 917 Industrial Park and Mouser Self Storage are locally managed and operated by RDS Real Estate located in Fort Worth, TX. For more information about leasing space in the business park, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224 or visit www.rdsrealestate.com.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial space, and multi-use space in Tarrant County, Parker County and Johnson County, TX. The company has properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance Area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any of their properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224,  leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510158/new-commercial-space-for-lease-in-alvarado-tx-business-park) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 