# Alternative Payments Expands to Brazil's PIX with DPMaxBrazil

KERRVILLE, TX, June 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Alternative Payments merchants now have access to PIX - real-time, secure payments in Brazil - with the launch of DPMaxBrazil. A companion product to their existing DPMax Open Banking platform, the launch represents a significant upgrade to the company's reach in Latin America.  In just two years, PIX payments increased 22%, credited with nearly one third of all online purchases in December 2023 (Neotrust.) Trends show Pix transactions will continue to increase this year, and Alternative Payments can connect US-based merchants to this solution with DPMaxBrazil.  "After monitoring the spectacular growth of PIX in just a few years, we knew adding this payment system to our Open Banking platform offered our clients a substantial benefit," explained Marjan Boras "Alternative Payments clients now have the ability to provide a simple, secure and cost-effective payment method to their Brazilian consumers."  With a population of 215M people spending upwards of $48 billion online (ecommerceDB,) Brazil offers a key growth market for merchants. Clients partnering with Alternative Payments using DPMaxBrazil can enter or expand to Brazil by providing their customers with safe and seamless transactions in Latin America's most developed ecommerce market.  Drawing from its two decades of experience in the industry, Alternative Payments has established a reputation as the leading provider of payment solutions, continuously innovating and expanding its services to meet evolving business and consumer needs. The company places a premium on security, reliability, and convenience, making it a trusted partner for US-based businesses seeking to streamline payment processes and enhance customer experiences.  To get started with DPMaxBrazil, simply sign up at https://merchant.2000charge.com/Account/Register or contact sales@alternativepayments.com  About Alternative Payments:  Founded in Pasadena, California, Alternative Payments, a brand of 2000Charge Inc., has been the leading alternative payments provider since 1999. For 25 years, they've been at the forefront of redefining how businesses and consumers interact with payments.   Alternative Payments offers a global payment infrastructure to assist e-commerce businesses in maximizing their conversions of international traffic and revenue streams with a broad portfolio of payment solutions local to their consumers. They focus on high-growth, payment-related, and internet-related services and consolidate the entire portfolio of solutions to streamline the checkout process for international consumers. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511928/alternative-payments-expands-to-brazils-pix-with-dpmaxbrazil) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 