# Winkler Lowy Foundation, Under Leadership of Janine Winkler Lowy, Supports High-Impact Scholarship Program for Ethiopian Israeli College Students

LOS ANGELES, CA, June 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Winkler Lowy Foundation announced this month that the Foundation's support of the "Israel at Heart" scholarship program at Reichman University in Herzliya, Israel, to empower Israeli students of Ethiopian descent to achieve their academic ambitions has made a demonstrable impact.   The Winkler Lowy Foundation's support has enabled the "Israel at Heart" program to provide full scholarships and living stipends to nine Ethiopian-Israeli students at Reichman University, Israel's first private, nonprofit research institution. Students in the Lowy-supported program receive laptops, tutoring and English language assistance. During their final year of study, students participate in career placement seminars.   "A quality education is the key to living an enriched, fulfilling life—and the base on which personal and economic advancement is built," said Janine Winkler Lowy, founder of the Winkler Lowy Foundation. "We're proud to support these talented, ambitious students as they strive to reach their academic potential at Reichman University, a global center for scholarship."   Participants in the "Israel at Heart" program are working toward undergraduate and graduate degrees at Reichman University across a wide range of academic disciplines, including government, diplomacy, communications, psychology and law.   It is estimated that more than 160,000 Jews of Ethiopian descent reside in Israel today. Many fled to the Jewish state after facing persecution in Africa, while tens of thousands of others were evacuated to Israel by the Israel government and IDF in the 1980s and 1990s.   The Winkler Lowy Foundation's founder, Janine Lowy, is a communal activist and philanthropist whose commitment to supporting the Jewish community has spanned decades. Janine Lowy has participated in the creation of many noteworthy programs around the world and in the Los Angeles community, including the Master of Arts in Teaching at American Jewish University and the Education Twinning Program at The Jewish Federation of Los Angeles.   ABOUT: The Winkler Lowy Foundation was founded by Janine Winkler Lowy and her four children in 2019 to help ensure that all families can access formative Jewish programming that nourishes young minds, strengthens the future of the Jewish community, and builds bridges between Israel and the Diaspora. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511926/winkler-lowy-foundation-under-leadership-of-janine-winkler-lowy-supports-high-impact-scholarship-program-for-ethiopian-israeli-college-students) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 