# Dusty Cars, California's Top-Rated Porsche Appraisal and Valuation Service, Announces New Inventory

PLEASANTON, CA, April 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dusty Cars, California's top-rated Porsche appraisal, valuation, and buying service at https://dustycars.com/, is proud to announce a newly-acquired 1974 Porsche 911 Coupe for sale. The vintage luxury sportscar may be the right match for a specific enthusiast or investor.  "Some classic Porsche lovers enjoy owning one just for fun. But then others are more serious. They enjoy the brand and want to invest in a classic Porsche for future gain," explained Douglas Berry, founder of Dusty Cars. "We understand both types and are ready to help. Most of all, any owners of classic Porsches from the 1970s are urged to reach out for a free and fast appraisal and cash offer. We love sellers."  Buyers and sellers in the classic car community can review the newly acquired 1974 Porsche 911 coupe at https://dustycars.com/classic-cars-for-sale/1974-porsche-911-coupe-2/. Details include new leather sports seats, new brakes, and low mileage. The car is local to Pleasanton, California, and was stored and undriven for ten years. Due to its excellent condition, the 1974 Porsche 911 coupe may sell quickly as all inventory is subject to change without notice.  The Dusty Cars team serves the classic car community by buying, restoring, and selling classic luxury cars. So-called "every day" Porsche fans and investors ready to sell can contact the company for a complimentary Porsche appraisal and valuation service. Dusty Cars can help individuals interested in finding a specific and rare vintage sports car, such as the Porsche 356 https://dustycars.com/makes/porsche/356-for-sale/. The Porsche 356 1 Roadster was built in Carinthia, Austria, and launched in June 1948. The vehicle could be highly sought-after by classic car investors.  PORSCHE APPRAISAL AND VALUATION SERVICE HELPS CLASSIC CAR INVESTORS BEFORE IT'S "TOO LATE"  Here is the background on this release. Investors in the classic car arena may be searching for a rare type of automobile to add to a collection. The hunt for a particular kind of model could take years. Partnering with a well-connected classic car expert could help. A professional team in Pleasanton, California, can assist in searching for a rare or limited-edition classic Porsche. The company also works closely with the classic car community, clubs, and vintage luxury sports car sellers. The relationship between an investor and Dusty Cars could result in the quick purchase of a desired car before it is off the market. A top Porsche appraisal and valuation service can help classic car investors hunt for the right automobile.  ABOUT DUSTY CARS  Dusty Cars is California's top classic car buyer. The company buys classic cars offering top prices, free evaluations, and best-in-class cash offers. The company focuses on truly "classic" vehicles such as classic Porsches, classic Jaguars (especially the Jaguar E-series), and classic Mercedes. It buys classic Alfa Romeos, Fords, Chevys, and Toyotas, depending on year and condition. Persons who want to sell a classic car fast and fair are encouraged to visit the website and contact a vintage car specialist for a cash offer.  Web. https://dustycars.com/ Tel. 415-387-8922 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509926/dusty-cars-californias-top-rated-porsche-appraisal-and-valuation-service-announces-new-inventory)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1c2w3h2/dusty_cars_acquires_1974_porsche_911_coupe_for/