# Ladue School District Receives Financial Boost from Sumner Law Group, LLC, for New Pavilion at Fifth Grade Center

ST. LOUIS, MO, September 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Sumner Law Group, LLC, a St. Louis personal injury law firm, has made significant contributions as a Gold Donor to the fundraising effort for building a new pavilion at the Ladue Fifth Grade Center, the firm announced today.  Trial lawyer Brent Sumner, Managing Partner of Sumner Law Group, LLC, serves on the Ladue Education Foundation Board, which supports the Ladue School District. The district serves students in 10 self-governed communities in St. Louis County. In addition to the Fifth Grade Center, Ladue School District includes an early childhood center, four K-4 elementary schools, a middle school, and a high school, according to the district's website.  "This organization is very important to me because my kids are in this school district," Brent Sumner said, adding that Sumner Law Group, LLC, made a substantial financial contribution to the fundraising effort for the new pavilion. A plaque on the new facility recognizes Sumner Law Group, LLC, as a Gold Donor.  "This partnership project with the Ladue School District is an example of how we, together, can go above and beyond for students, staff, and the community," a rep from Ladue Education Foundation said.  A ribbon-cutting ceremony and reception were held on September 4 at the West Campus Plaza.  About Sumner Law Group, LLC   The attorneys of Sumner Law Group, LLC, represent accident victims and their families in personal injury cases across Missouri and Illinois. With over 50 years of combined experience, the firm's lawyers focus on pursuing exceptional results for clients with no upfront costs or fees. The firm's office is located at 7777 Bonhomme Avenue, Suite 2100, St. Louis, MO 63105. To reach Sumner Law Group, call 314-669-0048 or fill out an online contact form. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514279/ladue-school-district-receives-financial-boost-from-sumner-law-group-llc-for-new-pavilion-at-fifth-grade-center) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 