# Introducing EZGigz.com: An Innovative and Free Platform to Support New Jersey Talent

OCEAN GROVE, NJ, August 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- EZGigz.com, an innovative new online community is excited to announce its launch on August 19, 2024. Designed to promote local bands and other entertainers, our platform offers a free simple solution for finding and connecting with local entertainment and food trucks for New Jersey breweries, wineries, and other venues. Through its soft launch, over 200 local bands and other entertainers have joined the EZgigz community so far.   EZGigz.com is the brainchild of Michael Pellegrino, who recognized the need for a streamlined, user-friendly platform that connects breweries and wineries with top-notch local entertainers and food trucks - for Free!  "By joining the EZgigz community, venues can effortlessly search and sort through local talent, and book the right entertainment to create unforgettable events," said Michael Pellegrino. "My goal is to make it easier for local talent to be discovered and land bookings throughout the State with no booking fees, or commissions. All free and easy! By offering a diverse selection of entertainment and food truck options, we aim to become the go-to resource for local New Jersey event planning."  How It Works  Sign up to become a member to follow, join a group, or contact any other member. All Free.  Once you join, you can create your profile (e.g. entertainer, brewery, food truck, etc…), comment in the activity section, post photos, videos, event information, and more.  As a venue, you can easily search through talent by location, music genre, or food style, and then contact your selections directly. Profiles include booking fees, social media links, and sample video clips to help venues choose the "right" talent for their event. All free!  EZGigz.com is an entertainment listing website that serves as a platform to facilitate the process of sorting, and contacting entertainment services for New Jersey venues. For more information about EZGigz.com, please visit the website or reach out to our media contact:  Danielle Foley, Media Contact Foley Marketing Advisors (973) 632-9170 dfoley@foleymarketingadvisors.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513547/introducing-ezgigzcom-an-innovative-and-free-platform-to-support-new-jersey-talent) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 