# Why would an officer shoot dead a woman turning off a pot of hot water?

DETROIT, MI, August 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice answers questions like why Sonya Massey, a Black woman was killed by a White sheriff's deputy in her own home.   The NEW Publication Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice, recently released through Kendall Hunt Publishing, analyzes many contemporary situations like the recent shooting to assist readers in understanding the underlying factors involved. The author, Dr. June Werdlow Rogers, uses her experience as a law enforcement officer and academic pursuits as a criminologist to render a unique insight into how and why disparities occur in criminal justice. Dr. Rogers contends many poor criminal justice outcomes result from an inability to accurately interpret situations cross culturally.  If former deputy Sean Grayson were aware of the cultural nuances when the phrase "I rebuke you in the name of Jesus" is invoked, possibly he would not have responded with deadly force to this spiritual utterance, typically not a precursor to physical violence.  Compelling situations like this launch each chapter of Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice laying a foundation and setting the stage where diversity issues are framed and can be effectively studied. For example, the Licenses to Kill chapter explains how police and civilians are able to kill marginalized people and get away with it through the use of force and stand your ground decrees respectively. (The murders of George Floyd and Ahmaud Arbery are highlighted).  Senior Acquisitions Editor, Tracey DeBrincat recalls her first meeting with Dr. Rogers, "The first time I met June we talked a lot about her personal experiences as a law enforcement officer and the diversity issues she personally experienced and/or witnessed. I was absolutely fascinated by the stories June told and how she told them. So, I knew very early on in that first meeting that June must write a book to share her insights. Thankfully June did write the book and we can all learn from it!"  About the Publication  Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice analyzes many contemporary situations like recent shootings to assist readers in understanding the underlying factors involved.  Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice covers many pertinent topics such as how stereotyping about crime influences attitudes, policies and behaviors towards groups including migrants; how criminal justice response impacts underreporting of rape; how societal views affect the prevalence of violent hate crimes motivated by homophobia, Islamophobia, political affiliation or other prejudices; and how the failure to recognize and properly respond to people in mental crisis can result in excessive force including death. Each of these, and other topics are examined extensively.   Written in a workshop format, the publication is designed to facilitate private self-awareness of crime-related unconscious bias (Think); provide relevant and striking conversation starters leading to rich open-forum discussions (Talk); and activities for readers to identify current strategies as well as motivate through theoretical insight on how to mitigate disparities in criminal justice (Tackle).   This unique structure in a casual yet academic tone supports interesting effective teaching and learning!  Written by Dr. June Werdlow Rogers - a former law enforcement officer, criminologist, and educator, Think, Talk and Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice:  •	is a "must have" for college professors, police academy instructors, and consultants providing in-service training to criminal justice professionals. •	is flexible! Educators and trainers can select from a variety of topics and activities to match learning objectives. Whether the education or training is delivered in an online / in-person environment, or whether the professor is teaching diversity for the first time or for years they will find Think, Talk & Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice is a course ready to go!  •	is valuable! This is the kind of book that readers will retain as a reference guide for the future. In contrast to many previous writings on diversity which tend to be narrowly focused on historical depictions about how groups become marginalized, this work meets readers at present and moves towards futuristic attainable ideologies and approaches. •	promotes cultural competency! The publication explains, points, and navigates readers in self-regulating towards cultural competency. While most agree the current course of social injustice is untenable, few fragmented practical solutions are offered. Think, Talk & Tackle: Contemporary Diversity Issues in Criminal Justice is a fresh, powerful resource in preparing the current generation to fulfill the ideal mandate of a fair and equitable criminal justice system.  For more information on the publication, visit https://he.kendallhunt.com/rogers_diversity  Since 1944, Kendall Hunt has been a privately owned and operated educational publishing company. With over 10,000 print and digital titles available today, Kendall Hunt is best known for providing educators with quality content solutions for the classroom. A rare combination of stability and innovation has made Kendall Hunt a leader in the PreK-12 and Higher Education publishing industry. Following in the footsteps of our founder, William C. Brown, Kendall Hunt Publishing combines an immense library of outstanding course content with a consultative, solutions-based approach to publishing. For more information, visit http://he.kendallhunt.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513557/why-would-an-officer-shoot-dead-a-woman-turning-off-a-pot-of-hot-water)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ewpcku/new_publication_analyzes_contemporary_diversity/