# Boston's Brattle Book Shop Acquires Large Collection of Pulp Fiction Paperbacks

BOSTON, MA, May 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Boston's legendary used and rare bookstore, Brattle Book Shop, has recently acquired an extraordinarily large collection of pulp fiction paperbacks, more than 10,000 books in total.  The mother lode of pulp titles includes books from the 1940s, 50s, and 60s, in such genres as horror, science fiction, crime, fantasy, sex, romance, mystery, westerns, and sports. Throughout the mid-twentieth century, pulp fiction was a popular source of entertainment for millions of readers.  "This collection of books is one of the largest we've ever acquired. It originated from someone who was passionate about reading these now collectible paperbacks," Brattle owner Ken Gloss said.  Part of the appeal of pulp fiction, besides the alluring cover art, is its fast-paced, dialogue-driven, and often action-packed stories. Some examples of the books that are now on the shelves at Brattle include: Flash Gordon: The Space Circus, A. E. Vogt's Away and Beyond, Strip for Violence by Ed Lacy, World of Weird, Swing Out Sweet Homicide, Love Is a Man's Affair, Perry Mason Solves the Shapely Shadow, John Cheever's The Enormous Radio and Other Stories, The Canary Murder Case by S. S. Van Dine, New York Confidential!, and Twelve O'clock High. Pulp aficionados, whether readers, collectors, or both, don't have to break the bank to satisfy their tastes. Priced between $5.00 and $100.00, these books are affordable for most consumers.   Looking for a relaxing and scintillating read? Drop by the Brattle and shop to your heart's content.  Brattle Book Shop 9 West Street Boston, MA 02111 617-542-0210 www.brattlebookshop.com/about  Media contact: Victor Gulotta, 617-306-9494 victor@booktours.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510945/bostons-brattle-book-shop-acquires-large-collection-of-pulp-fiction-paperbacks) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 