# Erika A. Riggs Awarded Prestigious Champion of Justice Award

OAKLAND COUNTY, MI, May 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Congratulations to partner Erika A. Riggs from Disability Law Group for being recognized by the State Bar of Michigan as a 2024 Champion of Justice! This award recognizes Attorney Riggs for her tremendous professional excellence and devotion to the pursuit of justice.  The State Bar of Michigan awards the coveted Champion of Justice Award to practicing lawyers and judges who demonstrate integrity, the highest principles and traditions of the legal profession, superior professional competence, and extraordinary professional accomplishment that benefits the nation, state, or local community where the lawyer lives. The State Bar of Michigan only presents up to five of these awards each year.  The Disability Law Group is proud of Ms. Riggs' latest accomplishment and to call her a member of the team.  About Erika A. Riggs Erika A. Riggs is a partner at Disability Law Group, a Troy-based law firm that focuses exclusively on disability cases before the Social Security Administration and Department of Veterans Affairs. Ms. Riggs co-founded Disability Law Group with her two partners, Mandy Kelly and Randall Mansour. She previously co-founded The 313 Project, a non-profit organization that provides legal advice and scholarships for at-risk youth. The Champion of Justice award is the latest recognition of Ms. Riggs' commitment to legal excellence. The accomplished attorney has also been recognized with the following:  2024 Rising Star Award for the seventh consecutive year by Super Lawyers  Eight consecutive Avvo's Client Choice awards Oakland Together 40 Under 40′ Class of 2023 2022 ABA On the Rise Top 40 Young Lawyer Award 2022 Crisp Effect Challenge winner 2022 Martindale-Hubbell AV Preeminent Award 2021 Leaders in the Law Award by Michigan Lawyers Weekly  Ms. Riggs is an active legal advocate and community leader. She spearheads various pro bono events and volunteer initiatives while also serving as a board member of several local organizations. She has been featured on "The Lawyer Stories" podcast and frequently gives presentations about disability benefits.   Attorney Riggs and the Disability Law Group offer new clients a free consultation to discuss their cases. If you have any questions, contact the firm. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510941/erika-a-riggs-awarded-prestigious-champion-of-justice-award)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1ct76ei/erika_a_riggs_recognized_as_2024_champion_of/