# THE 13th ANNUAL MIKE DITKA'S GRIDIRON GREATS HALL OF FAME INDUCTION GALA

CHICAGO, IL, May 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Gridiron Greats Assistance Fund, Inc., a non-profit that provides medical and financial assistance to former NFL players and their families in dire need, will host its 13th annual Mike Ditka's Hall of Fame Gala in Chicago on June 7, 2024 at 6:00 p.m. The gala will be held at the elegant Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago in Rosemont and will honor former NFL players for their outstanding careers as well as their charitable work off the field. John Tournour (J.T. the Brick) will resume his role as Master of Ceremonies. There will be a special performance by Chicago entertainer John Vincent.  The Gridiron Greats Class of 2024 Hall of Fame Inductees include: Chicago Bears, Hall Of Fame Linebacker, Mike Singletary; former Seattle Seahawks, Hall Of Fame Wide Receiver, Steve Largent; former Chicago Bears Tight End & Wide Receiver, Emery Moorehead; former Philadelphia Eagles Wide Receiver, Vince Papale; and former CFL offensive guard & current Commissioner of the CFL, Randy Ambrosie.  In addition, Sylvia Mackey, wife of former NFL Legend and Hall of Famer John Mackey, will present her namesake Award to DeBorah A Little, widow of Denver Broncos Legend and Hall of Famer Floyd Little. DeBorah has devoted herself to working with other widows of NFL players to help them process their grief. Hall Of Fame Coach Marv Levy, CFL Hall of Fame coach and former Gridiron Greats board member, will proudly present Vince Papale with the Marv Levy Impact Award, which recognizes an advocate for the Armed Forces who has dedicated much of their time and influence supporting and serving the military community, has exceptional leadership qualities, and is honorable, honest and courageous.  Proceeds for this special night will benefit the Gridiron Greats Assistance Fund, which is an independent 501(c)(3) organization providing assistance to NFL players in dire need. "We are proud to welcome the Gridiron Greats event to Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago and bea small part of helping to recognize the important care, compassion and assistance that theseimportant individuals have helped provide to others." – Kristine Hall, General Manager of Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago.  A special thanks to CFL, CFLAA, Coastal Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine, Encore, Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago, Pepsi, Periscope, Prodigy Printing and Promotions, RMD Advertising, Rudolph Foods, Sharper Dot Printing, and to all our supporters who purchased tables and program ads.  Limited tickets/tables are available for purchase. For more information on tickets and sponsorships: Gridiron Greats Assistance Fund Karen Wright (847) 656-5487  About Gridiron Greats Assistance Fund: The Gridiron Greats Assistance Fund, Inc. (GGAF) is a Wisconsin nonprofit corporation that has received recognition of federal tax-exempt status as a public charity under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Gridiron Greats' mission is to assist dire need retired NFL players and their families. GGAF provides medical assistance and financial assistance for day-to-day necessities. http://www.gridirongreats.org  About Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago: As the largest hotel outside the city, Hyatt Regency O'Hare Chicago 9300 W Bryn Mawr Ave, Rosemont, IL is home to spaces ranging from traditional ballrooms to inspiring networking areas and top-floor reception venues. Located five minutes from O'Hare International Airport, and offering a complimentary airport shuttle, we are a comfortable and convenient location for travelers. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510927/the-13th-annual-mike-ditkas-gridiron-greats-hall-of-fame-induction-gala) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 