# Canadian International Students Take Note – No More Flagpoling!

VANCOUVER, BC, July 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On June 21, 2024, the Minister of Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), the Honorable Marc Miller, eliminated the option of obtaining a post-graduation work permit (PGWP) at port of entry, a process referred to as flagpoling. Now international students applying for an initial PGWP or an extension will be limited to applying for their permit from within Canada and waiting for it to be processed. For more, go to https://canadian-visa-lawyer.com/canadian-international-students-take-note-no-more-flagpoling/  It has been a rough year for Canada's international students. First, in December 2023, the Minister of Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada increased the cost-of-living requirement from $10,000 to $20,635. Soon after, he imposed a restriction (and reduction) of the number of international students to Canada each year. Then he reduced the number of hours international students can work while studying full time to 24 hours per week, down from full time.   The policy around flagpoling is meant to improve application fairness. For more about the language, go to https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/news/2024/06/canada-improves-fairness-for-applicants-by-ending-post-graduation-work-permit-flagpoling.html.  It is hard to understand how fairness is being improved or what is fair in this policy announcement, as it only applies to international students seeking a PGWP. All other work permits can still be applied at the border. The article indicates that PGWPs account for one-fifth of all flagpole applications, which is not that significant in the overall volume of applications being made at the port of entry (POE).  In addition to eliminating the option of flagpoling for international students, recent announcements were made stipulating that the hours for applying for work permits at the major ports of entry would be limited to Mondays to Thursdays from 10am to 4pm. The premise behind these changes is the facilitation of international trade and the reduction of traffic flow at our POEs. People access the port of entry to have a measure of control over their lives!  The Minister's announcement also made reference to other measures to address or reduce flagpoling including speeding up processing times. That's a rather bold statement given that the IRCC posted processing times for a work permit application from within Canada as of June 19, 2024 (two days before the Minister's announcement) was 99 days – almost three and a half months! From this Immigration lawyer's perspective, a 3-month processing time is nothing to be proud of. Delayed processing of applications can have significant ramifications for applicants: employers distrust anything other than a valid permit authorizing work, medical coverage is often cancelled or can't be renewed, Social Insurance Numbers can be suspended, and driver's licences denied or cancelled. There are even cases of children (including Canadian-born children) being denied access to public school when parents don't possess valid work permits!  The poor Canadian international student has truly been hung out to dry this past year being held responsible for many of the current social and economic ills of the day – overcrowding of post-secondary institutions, pillaging food banks, the housing shortage crisis and now, impeding international trade! Our Ministers would be well advised to consider one of the basic laws of physics – "for each action there is an equal and opposite reaction." International students have been the target of some dramatic policy changes in the past year, such that they may vote with their feet and not choose Canada as their country of choice to obtain an international education. Such action also has an impact on Canada's economy.  To learn more about immigrating to or to seek representation, contact the Vancouver immigration lawyers at Sas and Ing at 1-604-689-5444.  About the Company  Sas and Ing Immigration Law Centre has over 30 years of continued in-depth and comprehensive expertise in most aspects of Canadian Immigration practice. Sas and Ing have facilitated applications to Citizenship and Immigration Canada (CIC), Service Canada and Canada Border Services Agency. Catherine & Victor work closely with other lawyers specializing in Business, Employment, Tax, and Real Estate to provide comprehensive legal advice to companies and individuals as they navigate the regulatory requirements necessary for temporary or permanent establishment in Canada.  For additional information, please visit canadian-visa-lawyer.com or call (604) 689-5444  Sas and Ing Immigration Law Centre Catherine Sas (604) 689-5444 Company website: canadian-visa-lawyer.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512479/canadian-international-students-take-note-no-more-flagpoling) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 