# Rogue Awarded Phase II SBIR for in-situ Resident Space Object Characterization

LACONIA, NH, July 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Rogue Space Systems Corporation announces it has been selected by SpaceWERX, the innovation arm of the U.S. Space Force and a unique division within a AFWERX, for a SBIR Phase II award, valued over $1M. This project is focused on enhancing Space Domain Awareness (SDA) through Autonomous Multi-spectral Resident-Space-Object Identification and Characterization (SAMRIC) to ensure the safe and sustainable execution of In-Space Servicing and Manufacturing (ISAM) operations.   Today, there are more than 5,000 operational satellites in Low-Earth Orbit alone, and we are expecting tens if not hundreds of thousands more by 2030. This unprecedented rate of growth means that Earth's orbits, particularly LEO, will be increasingly congested, competitive, and even contested. This makes it critical for us to understand the precise location, characteristics, and capabilities of space objects in order to provide safe and effective logistics services. As governments and businesses make plans to deploy expansive new space systems, SDA data will be vital to the safety and security of all space objects.   "The ability to autonomously detect and identify RSO's in situ will greatly expand awareness of the local neighborhood, increasing safety and enabling more efficient ISAM activities," notes Rogue's Chief Technology and Innovation Officer Michael Pica.  Rogue's SAMRIC technology will enhance transparency in space by utilizing available sensors in orbit to improve tracking accuracy and characterizing space objects. Using in-situ observations, SAMRIC will be able to classify and identify characteristics and infer capabilities of space objects, providing key insights into what an object is, where it is going and what it can do. This elevated situational-awareness will play a key role in major global space initiatives such as space traffic management and even the verification of strategic obligations. In this way, Rogue will play its part in protecting US and allied interests in orbit.   "Being able to make real time use of multiple types of sensors in orbit to compliment both local and global SDA databases enables Rogue to be citizen-contributor to the space ecosystem to grow the safety and sustainability of space," said Rogue Chief Executive Officer Jon Beam.  For Rogue, SAMRIC represents another step along our technology roadmap, getting us closer to building our fleet of Orbots™ enabled by in-situ orbital determination and client characterization. This will facilitate our in-space logistics services, made safer and more effective by our perceptual/autonomy system.   This award is another success story for the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) initiatives. The Air Force Research Laboratory and AFWERX have partnered to streamline the SBIR/STTR process by accelerating the small business experience through faster proposal-to-award timelines. The DAF began offering the Open Topic SBIR/STTR program in 2018 which expanded the range of innovations the DAF funded. Rogue's progress is a testament to the effectiveness of this approach.   The views expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Air Force, the Department of Defense, or the U.S. government.  About Rogue Space Systems Corporation Rogue Space Systems Corporation specializes in developing advanced orbital robotics technology for the purpose of providing cutting-edge solutions in in-space servicing, logistics, payload hosting, space domain awareness, and satellite life extension.  About SpaceWERX  As the innovation arm of the U.S. Space Force and a unique division within AFWERX, SpaceWERX inspires and empowers collaboration with innovators to accelerate capabilities and shape our future in space. Headquartered in Los Angeles, SpaceWERX employs 40 military, civilian and contractor personnel executing an annual $457 million budget. Additionally, SpaceWERX partners with Space Systems Command's Commercial Space Office (COMSO) as a collaborative program. Since it was aligned under AFRL in Aug. 2021, SpaceWERX has executed 1106 contracts worth more than $897 million to strengthen the U.S. defense industrial base and drive faster technology transition to operational capability. For more information, visit spacewerx.us.   About AFRL  The Air Force Research Laboratory is the primary scientific research and development center for the Department of the Air Force. AFRL plays an integral role in leading the discovery, development, and integration of affordable warfighting technologies for our air, space and cyberspace force. With a workforce of more than 12,500 across nine technology areas and 40 other operations across the globe, AFRL provides a diverse portfolio of science and technology ranging from fundamental to advanced research and technology development. For more information, visit afresearchlab.com.   About AFWERX  As the innovation arm of the DAF and a directorate within the Air Force Research Laboratory, AFWERX brings cutting-edge American ingenuity from small businesses and start-ups to address the most pressing challenges of the DAF. AFWERX employs approximately 325 military, civilian and contractor personnel at six hubs and sites executing an annual $1.4 billion budget. Since 2019, AFWERX has executed 4,697 new contracts worth more than $2.6 billion to strengthen the U.S. defense industrial base and drive faster technology transition to operational capability. For more information, visit: afwerx.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512405/rogue-awarded-phase-ii-sbir-for-in-situ-resident-space-object-characterization)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1e1bf8n/rogue_space_systems_corporation_awarded_1m/