# Savvy Vacationers Not Deterred By Global Cost of Living Crisis

LONDON, ENGLAND, July 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Despite the global cost of living crisis, people are still travelling the world thanks to the many money-saving strategies most people may not even consider. One way these travellers keep their wanderlust alive without breaking the bank is with coupons and voucher codes. Websites like Tripplo.co.uk have thousands of coupons updated regularly. Savvy Brits and tourists alike save thousands of dollars on trips using the latest voucher codes or discount codes as they are called.  The voucher codes help travellers save when buying tickets from popular airlines, booking a hotel room, and even when they venture out to eat. Some coupons help travellers shave as much as 25% off the full price. That's an immense saving considering how travel costs have increased, especially within Europe in recent years.   2024 Trends and Destinations  Each year, some destinations are more popular than others, and for several reasons. If a destination has recently become more accessible, with a low cost associated with living and eating there, many will want to flock there.   Based on the interest the team at Tripplo UK saw in the number of people asking questions and visiting the website, they have broken down the most popular destination for travellers this summer, 2024.   China: Summer 2024 is already big for China. Flights are getting cheaper and visa restrictions are relaxing, so China is a top destination for budget travellers from the UK. Interest in Chinese cities is up 131% for Fuzhou, 55% for Beijing and 50% for Guangzhou. The Middle East's Dubai and Thailand are other hot destinations for Brits this summer.   Germany: Searches for Germany are up 3x vs 2023. Dusseldorf, Munich and Cologne are top trending destinations, especially for British football fans looking to attend summer games.  Cost-effective European destinations include Dublin, Ireland and Copenhagen, Denmark as these are this year's most affordable European destinations. There are also some excellent deals for people travelling to Croatia and Italy.  Marrakech is another top budget destination outside Europe, reinforcing Europe and North Africa as the top regions for budget travel.  Best Days To Book A Flight  According to Tripplo, weekdays are the best days to book the cheapest flight prices. However, with everyone trying to grab a flight for the summer, it is worth planning and buying at least a week ahead of time. Booking ahead of time and using a voucher code can help save up to 20% off airfare.   UK Travel Trends  UK travellers are looking east for summer. Bangkok, Thailand, is the top searched destination, followed by Manila in the Philippines.  Be Flexible  Be flexible and consider shoulder season travel to get the best prices. Flights from the UK are stable or dropping for summer, so you can still make your dream trip without breaking the bank.  Visit Tripplo.co.uk for more info and deals.  About Tripplo  Founded by Axel Hernborg in 2014, Tripplo.co.uk began as vadkanmangöra.se, a Swedish travel site. Over the years, it expanded to offer travel tips, discounts, and voucher codes, catering to various countries. In 2019, it consolidated into the international platform Tripplo.com, now serving eight countries with localised content. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512435/savvy-vacationers-not-deterred-by-global-cost-of-living-crisis)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1e1bewr/travellers_saving_big_with_voucher_codes_for/