# BTS's Favorite Korean Street Food Takes the US by Storm

LOS ANGELES, CA, March 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Move over burgers and fries, there's a new street food trend taking the USA by storm – Korean street food. Fueled in part by the global K-Pop phenomenon, Korean culture is experiencing a surge in popularity.   Food is no exception, and Korean street food staples like tteokbokki (spicy rice cakes) – a favorite of BTS and many other K-pop stars – are finding their way onto menus and into the hearts (and stomachs) of gen Z and the Millennials. Cardi B, and actress Kat Dennings and many other Hollywood stars have been spotted enjoying Korean street food favorites.  But Korean street food is more than just a passing fad. It offers a captivating array of flavors, from the sweet and savory of kimbob (seaweed rice rolls), a beloved after-school snack, to the fiery kick of tteokbokki, a popular everyday food in Korea.   Jaws TPK, a rising star in the Korean street food scene, is leading the charge with its authentic menu and innovative approach. With staple of Korean street food menus, they cater to health-conscious consumers as well. With options like keto-friendly dishes, JAWS TPK proves that Korean street food can be both crave-worthy and nutritious.  Jaws TPK uses only the highest quality ingredients and offers a franchise opportunity with a unique advantage: Their small-scale franchise model makes it accessible to entrepreneurs, regardless of Korean heritage. With comprehensive training and close management support from headquarters, aspiring restaurateurs can confidently bring the excitement of Korean street food to their communities.  About JAWS TPK: JAWS TPK is a leading Korean street food franchise company dedicated to sharing the authentic flavors and culture of Korea with the world. They offer a diverse menu featuring popular dishes like tteokbokki and kimbob, alongside healthy options and fresh, high-quality ingredients. JAWS TPK is committed to providing franchise partners with the training, support, and resources needed to succeed. For more info at www.jawstopokki.com/franchise 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509389/btss-favorite-korean-street-food-takes-the-us-by-storm) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 