# Humane Society Silicon Valley's 2024 Fur Ball Celebrates Judy Marcus for her Indelible Contributions to Animal Welfare

MILPITAS, CA, March 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) will celebrate Honorary Board Member Judy Marcus at HSSV's biggest event of the year, The Fur Ball — where attendees are invited to bring their dogs for dinner and entertainment under the stars in support of the organization's lifesaving work.  As a board member in the early 2000s, Judy played a crucial role in transforming HSSV into a regional leader in animal welfare. Judy and her husband George made great contributions to the construction of HSSV's Peter Detkin and Michelle Oates Detkin Animal Community Center. The Marcus's recently donated $2 million to provide lifesaving medical care for animals, and increase access to veterinary care in our community.  "As one of our most passionate supporters, Judy has made indelible contributions to the welfare of animals and people in Silicon Valley," says HSSV President Kurt Krukenberg. "As a board member from 2000 to 2006, she played an instrumental role in our building campaign and our evolution from Humane Society of Santa Clara Valley to Humane Society Silicon Valley."  This is the first year HSSV has chosen to honor one of its benefactors at the Fur Ball — a move that recognizes Judy's "tremendous love and passion for Humane Society Silicon Valley, for the mission here, her investment in that mission, but most importantly, for her role in establishing the Fur Ball," says Dan Coleman, HSSV's Chief of Development.  "We are so excited to have Judy as our first honoree," he says. "Judy is very special to HSSV. This organization is fortunate to have supporters like her who really care. She is deeply passionate about helping animals, and helping people to keep their animals."  Judy and George Marcus's $2 million gift, made last year, supports two of HSSV's strategic priorities: Saving Lives and Keeping Families Together. HSSV saves lives by receiving at-risk animals from under-resourced partner shelters, providing lifesaving medical and behavioral care to sick and injured animals, and adopting homeless animals into loving families. HSSV keeps families together by providing pet food, supplies, and veterinary services to those facing hardship to ensure that pets remain healthy and safe with the people who love them.  Judy is a lauded Bay Area civic and business leader who grew up in San Francisco's Potrero Hill neighborhood. Judy is a fourth-generation San Franciscan and former physical education teacher. She and her husband George have four adult children and three adopted dogs — Pepi, Coco, and Zoe — all adopted from HSSV. The many animals they have had over the years include dogs, roosters, a rabbit, a goat, and even a donkey. "Pets are the best," Judy has said. "They are so happy and excited to see you when you come home. That brings a great joy into your life."  This year's Fur Ball will be held from 5 to 10 p.m. Saturday May 11 at PayPal Park, 1123 Coleman Avenue, San Jose. A limited number of tables and tickets are available now. For more information call (408) 942-3003, email TheFurBall@hssv.org, or visit HSSV.org.  About Humane Society Silicon Valley  Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is an independent, privately funded, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that has served people and pets for over 90 years. In 2017, HSSV became the first organization ever to earn model shelter status according to the guidelines set forth by the Association of Shelter Veterinarians in 2010. As an independent non-profit organization, HSSV does not receive funding from Humane Society of the United States, ASPCA, or state and federal government entities. Established in 1929, HSSV has adopted more than 500,000 animals into permanent, loving homes. HSSV's mission is to save lives, keep families together, and create a better future for pets and their people. For more information, visit HSSV.org.  Online press kit: HumaneSocietySiliconValley.OnlinePressKit247.com  For more information, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509379/humane-society-silicon-valleys-2024-fur-ball-celebrates-judy-marcus-for-her-indelible-contributions-to-animal-welfare) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 