# Talia's Steakhouse, NYC Kosher Restaurant, to Serve Passover 2024 Seders & Meals

NEW YORK, NY, March 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Preparing for the Passover holiday, or Pesach, is one of the most stressful times for observant Jews. For over 22 years, Talia's Steakhouse & Bar has been serving glatt kosher Passover Seders and meals, and will do so again for 2024. Takeout, delivery, and full-service catering is also available.  Passover 2024 takes place between April 22nd and April 30th, with Talia's serving traditional Passover Seder meals (with Ashkenazi customs) on April 22nd and April 23rd. The Seders include all necessary items, such as Seder plates, four cups of wine, and haggadahs, with classics such as Talia's brisket, Moroccan salmon, lamb stew, and more, including vegetarian and vegan options. Talia's full bar will also be completely kosher for Passover to enjoy an exceptional wine list and your favorite cocktails.  Talia's will also serve prix fixe holiday meals, and will be open with a regular a la carte menu for lunch and dinner during Chol Hamoed (intermediate days).   All reservations for the seders and prix fixe holiday meals must be prepaid, as the restaurant is strictly kosher according to Orthodox tradition, which prohibits money from being exchanged during the holiday.  The price for the sit-down Seders at Talia's is $165, while the takeout version of the Seder meal is $125.  Talia's new sister restaurant located right next door, Shawarma Shabazi, will also be completely kosher for Passover, for those seeking delicious, fast-casual shawarma for takeout. Since it follows Ashkenazi customs, no falafel, hummus, tahini, etc. will be available. However, shawarma, sabich and schnitzel will be available with special Passover baguette. For more info: https://shabazinyc.com  Talia's has already begun taking reservation for Pesach 2024. Seats are filling up quickly and will sell out soon, so make your reservations as soon as possible.  For more information and to reserve, Click Here.  For over 22 years, Talia's Steakhouse has continuously reinvented the strictly Glatt kosher restaurant as a hip, modern place, where everyone will feel welcome: from Chabad and Satmer Chasidim to Modern Orthodox, secular Jews, non-Jewish customers and all other ethnic groups, Talia's has something for everyone. With so many repeat customers and fans, it's no wonder that Talia's Steakhouse has built such a "Haute" reputation. As one customer puts it: "You oughtta be the best, most progressive-still-frum place".  Talia's is a great Manhattan kosher restaurant to take your wife or girlfriend out to dinner. Enjoy the romantic atmosphere, dimly-lit, candles and fresh roses on each table, mellow live music and a wonderful blend of American and Middle-Eastern cuisines. In addition, Talia's offers prepaid Shabbat dinner every week, as well as all major Jewish holiday meals. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509374/talias-steakhouse-nyc-kosher-restaurant-to-serve-passover-2024-seders-meals)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bj7ibg/talias_steakhouse_bar_prepares_for_22nd_year_of/