# Bestselling Author Jody Sharpe Discusses Animal Rescue And Bullying On Angel Inspirations

WILMINGTON, NC, June 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bestselling author Jody Sharpe recently took first place in the 2024 National Federation of Press Women's Professional Communication contest at the regional level for one of her novels, 'Summer of Angels'. This is the fourth NFPW win for her. Previously, '20 Moon Road, An Angel's Tale' took First Place nationally in the novella category. 'Town Of Angels Christmas' placed At Large, as did 'Special Needs Children, The Angels On My Shoulder'.  Sharpe develops many of her award-winning story lines around a set of core issues – angels, bullying and animals. As a former teacher of special needs children, Sharpe has direct experience regarding the effect bullying has on children. She recently discussed the importance of animal rescue on a piece on her site titled 'Angel Inspirations - Animal Rescue'. Jody sees a direct connection between saving children from bullying and rescuing animals from abuse, as her calls for action against both not only condemn cruelty but also point the way toward healing and resilience. In that piece she wrote in part:  "Bless The Beasts and the Children, one of my favorite songs from the seventies, has a wonderful lyric. 'Keep them safe, keep them warm.' I've written many times about protecting our children from man's inhumanity to man. As of now, bullying is considered almost the norm in politics, dividing people. However, I also feel strongly about the well being of our animal friends. Protecting them from animal abuse has recently driven me to write it as a main theme in my new novel coming soon.  "My husband and I have rescued many animals and continue to advocate for them around the world, whether companions to people or in the wild. They are innocent and vulnerable and the poor way some individuals regard them shows all of us what these people are made of. Animals can't speak for themselves. Just like we all should share in protecting the children of the world, we are also the animals' voices of hope. I believe in hope, love and helping those who need our strength and our kindness."  Sharpe's books about angels transcend the realm of escapism. Her books encourage a profound paradigm shift, urging us to gaze through the lens of kindness. She sees beauty amid chaos and compassion amid cruelty. This point of view can shape our perceptions and infuse our daily lives with newfound strength and increased awareness.  Diane Donovan at Midwest Book Review stated, "Do angels come to children with special needs? In Mystic Bay, they do. As the truth emerges about the town's makeup, history, and mission, readers become immersed in a spiritual story of angels and beliefs that drive positive changes and kindness in the world and spread beyond the small town of angels."  Books by Jody Sharpe include:  To Catch an Angel - Jody is also the author of 'To Catch an Angel', written in memory of her late husband Steve. In 'To Catch an Angel', miracles happen in Mystic Bay, California, the town with the psychic and angel vibe. Angels are calling. Psychic Maggie Malone returns home to find she's swept up in the miracle of it all. She can't imagine why her mother left or who her father might be. But these questions pale in comparison to the wonder of the angels. Maggie meets writer, Noah Greenstreet. They realize they've met before, but where? Maggie and Noah embark on a journey to find our world is all awash with angels.  The Angel's Daughter - A secret lies in Mystic Bay, California, and only two people know it. First, there's Hannah, a tender curly-headed half-angel. Then there's her father, Gabe, an effervescent, teddy bear of a full-blooded angel. And it's up to Hannah to keep the secret safe, but she's made a colossal mistake telling her ex-boyfriend and writing professor, Sam Blakely. Now he's written a book exposing the secret to the world.  Town Of Angels - Angel vs. Bully in the town of Mystic Bay, California, where a well-kept secret lies. Angels live as humans there. After angels appeared to three children, all was blissful in the town full of psychics, and ordinary folk. But as brute, Klaus Waxman, comes to town, angel Ken Leighton, a storeowner, must carefully guide his flock of humans not to give in to the bully's efforts.As Klaus opens a store mocking the resident angel sightings, angel Ken guides psychic Justine Greer, and her family to thwart his efforts. And with the help of the indomitable oldest psychic in town, Madam Norma, the bully meets his match through the soft voices and intuitive minds of his neighbors.  Special Needs Children, The Angels On My Shoulder is a memoir based on her twenty-five years teaching children with special needs. The book placed second in the National Federation Of Press Women's At-Large Communication contest. The book is as entertaining as it is illuminating. It's a love story about the special students and others who over the years graced her life with just that, their grace.  With hearts of angels and challenges to face, the children took Sharpe along their journeys and inspired her own life's journey of self-discovery. When sorrow came, their kindness helped her through. The synchronicity of events from high school to retirement changed her life for the better, turning her face toward heaven.  Midwest Book Review stated, "Sharpe's ability to see the good in circumstances and people identifies the 'special' in 'special needs' as she delineates her journey through the education system and those teaching and social encounters which changed her perspective and life."  "Teachers (especially those working with special needs kids) will find this spiritual and social reflection easily accessible. It's presented in vignettes which offer small, digestible bites of insight into a world where angels and kindness are present in more than one form."  Special Needs Children followed her recently released children's book about angels, When The Angel Sent Butterflies. The new book helps children understand that love from their parents and others surrounds them. Love conquers fear, and believing that angels are near can help sweep any childhood fear away. This concept is presented in the book when Angel Ken sends Jones and Kate butterflies. The book, appropriate for ages 2 to 7, is now available at Amazon and Ingram.  Her latest book, Summer Of Angels, is a mystery novel. Meteorologist and psychic, Gayle Force proves a force to be reckoned with as she moves back to her beloved Mystic Bay, California. While sleeping, an angel sent her a vision in a dream of a future event. Gayle realizes she must use her intuition to save an old man from drowning. But who is this old man?  With the help of intuitive attorney, Alex Knight, she finds they are caught in the middle of a future crime. But can Gayle and Alex solve the case and save the old man before it's too late? With surprising twists and turns of intrigue and love, Gayle and Alex find there are angels at the helm as they help prove the bully never wins.  In addition, on the "Tuesdays With The Angels" section of her site, Sharpe presents stories of real-life encounters with angels. The stories are available at Sharpe's website at http://www.jodysharpe.com.  Sharpe hopes to create a collection of angel stories that involve sightings of angels, interaction with angels, miraculous angel encounters, and other types of accounts or stories. Everyone is welcome to submit angel stories. All submissions will be considered, but inclusion is not guaranteed. Stories may be submitted at http://bit.ly/2FV8amd.  Sharpe's YouTube channel brings all of this together, offering segments on all of these topics. One topic of special interest is bullying, specifically as it relates to special needs children.  In addition to the National Federation of Press Women's award, Jody was chosen as a winner in the annual "50 Great Writers You Should Be Reading" Book Awards. She was chosen from a field of hundreds of authors through a public voting process.  Jody also announced recently that two new screen treatments of her books are now available: The Angel's Daughter and Town Of Angels Christmas.  Jody Sharpe is available for media interviews and can be reached using the information below or by email at sharpejody76@gmail.com. Angel stories can be submitted at http://bit.ly/2FV8amd. All of her books are available at online book retailers. New quotes will be added every Tuesday to the "Tuesdays With The Angels" section of her blog, which can be found at her website at http://www.JodySharpe.com.  Profile:  Jody Sharpe had a rewarding career as a Special Education teacher. Writing about angels became healing after losing her daughter and then her husband. The valuable lessons she learned about moving forward and loving life in the now have set her on a mission to tell the stories with love, humor and spiritual awakening. The fictitious town of Mystic Bay has given her an avenue to put characters and themes together hopefully enlightening the reader towards contemplation of the precious life and memories we are given. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511802/bestselling-author-jody-sharpe-discusses-animal-rescue-and-bullying-on-angel-inspirations)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1dmpeuj/bestselling_author_jody_sharpe_wins_2024_nfpw/