# New Credit Builder Loan Helps Wisconsin Consumers Get Their Credit Back on Track

DES PLAINES, IL, June 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- "The COVID crisis ended more than a year ago," notes Nicole Horton, senior director of online services for online lender GoCredit.loans. "But millions of Americans are still trying to get their credit ratings healthy after the damage done by the pandemic."  The COVID years, from 2020-2023, drastically changed the way America worked, went to school, dined out, shopped and a thousand other long-established routines. The economic downturn forced many businesses to close during the pandemic, leaving millions without jobs.  "If you lost your job during COVID and you missed one or more loan, credit card or mortgage payments," states Nicole, "your creditors could report you as delinquent to the three main credit reporting bureaus. When that happened, your credit score took a hit—and it may take a long time for it to recover.  "But help is here for Wisconsin consumers who want to build a positive credit history and get their finances back on track," she continues. "GoCredit.loans has commenced operations in this state, and our innovative Credit Builder Loan is allowing our customers to improve their credit histories while helping them get to an improved financial situation for years to come."  Credit scores have a far-reaching impact  A credit score can affect many aspects of life, including:  •	Credit products—companies use credit scores to determine whether to offer a consumer credit cards, auto loans, mortgages and other credit products. A low credit score can make it harder to get approved for credit, and you may pay more for loans. •	Insurance—Insurers use credit scores to set premiums for auto and homeowners insurance coverage. A low credit score can lead to higher insurance premiums. •	Housing—Landlords use credit scores to decide who can rent their apartments. A low credit score can make it more difficult to rent an apartment. •	Utilities—Credit scores can determine who gets more favorable cellphone plans and who must make larger deposits to get utilities. A good credit score can lead to security deposit waivers on utilities.  A breakthrough lending solution for Wisconsin consumers  "If your credit score fell during COVID," says Nicole, "you're going to pay a lot more for many of life's necessities—housing, transportation, insurance, utilities and more.  "That's an expensive burden to carry, and GoCredit.loans wants to help you set that burden down," she continues. "Our game-changing Credit Builder Loan gives you the opportunity to build your credit history while you build the savings that take you to a better financial state."  Get Cash + Build Your Credit!SM  Wisconsin customers can get funded for a GoCredit.loans Credit Builder Loan up to $2,500, build savings and get the chance to build their credit history.  Here's how the loan works:  •	Quick application and approval—After completing and submitting the brief installment loan application, customers can get approved within minutes  •	Spending component—The spending component of the loan is comprised of funds that can be deposited directly into the customer's bank account the same day, to be used for immediate needs •	Saving component—The saving component of the loan is comprised of funds that grow as the customer makes regular installment payments •	Build credit history—As the customer makes installment payments, those payments are automatically reported to one of the leading credit bureaus, which gives the customer the opportunity to build their credit history •	Collect the saving component—Once the Credit Builder Loan is paid off in full, the customer receives full access to the funds in the savings component  "When the Credit Builder Loan is fully paid off," says Nicole, "customers will be thrilled to see that they have built savings that provide greater financial stability. They're better able to handle the unexpected expenses that once would have derailed their household budget.  "GoCredit.loans customers build savings and build a positive credit history," she adds, "both of which help them get to a better financial situation."  Round-the-clock online convenience and responsive customer service  Wisconsin customers can apply for the GoCredit.loans Credit Builder Loan by visiting the GoCredit.loans website or by contacting a customer service representative at 888-800-8172.  The application process is quick and easy, and same-day funding is available.   "Our Credit Builder Loan will help many Wisconsin families finally get their finances on the right side of the ledger," Nicole states. "It will help them revive their credit histories and put them on the path toward increased savings and increased financial stability.   "The entire GoCredit.loans team is glad to be here in Wisconsin," she concludes, "and excited to help our customers improve their credit histories and their financial situation."  About GoCredit.loans  GoCredit.loans is headquartered in suburban Chicago. The company gives Wisconsin customers a quick and easy way to build savings and get funded for a Credit Builder Loan through a quick and simple online application process. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511829/new-credit-builder-loan-helps-wisconsin-consumers-get-their-credit-back-on-track)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1dpmvhi/gocreditloans_introduces_credit_builder_loan_in/