# Rooted Radiance & Luxe Jewelry Opens Doors In Georgetown

GEORGETOWN, TX, June 20, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- New business owner Kaylnn Morriss has joined the growing number of clients at Hill Country Salon Suites. Her new business, Rooted Radiance & Luxe Jewelry, specializes in Transformative Coloring, Lived In Blonding, Vivid Colors, and Blonding, offering a personalized experience and customized looks. In addition, Ms. Morriss has her own line of jewelry on display in her salon.  Located at 5361 Williams Drive, Suite #123, Georgetown, TX. Hours of business are Tuesday and Wednesday, 10-5, Thursday 10:30-7, Friday 11-7, and Saturday 11-6. Closed Sundays and Mondays. Contact Kalynngracebeauty@gmail.com or call 512-630-0623. Walk-ins or by appointment.  Morriss on Rooted Radiance: "Hair coloring is one thing. You can get it done at any hair salon in the world. However, customized coloring, the type which screams 'one of a kind' is hard to find. That's what Rooted Radiance is all about, a truly unique coloring experience which will set you apart from the crowd."  Why lease from Hill Country Salon Suites? The new owner continues: "To put it simply, they offer the best opportunity to succeed as a small business owner. I did my research before deciding to lease at Hill Country, and the list of amenities they offer, all included in the lease payment, are the best I found. But beyond that, the owners truly care about their tenants and truly want them to succeed. As soon as I met them, I felt like I met very good friends who I could trust."  About the blonding services offered by Kaylnn Morriss Lived-in blonde is a trend that involves creating a natural look by adding highlights, lowlights, and other techniques to give the appearance of natural grow out. The goal is to create a blonde shade that looks effortless and subtle, while at the same time achieving the exact shade of blonde desired by the customers.  "That's why we advertise a personalized experience. We don't just do blonde. We do exact blonde shades per client's request, and that makes all the difference," says Morriss.  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  "Hill Country is a one-stop location for beauty and wellness services. A customer could stop by Hill Country and have their hair styled, get a manicure, and finish with a massage therapy session, without leaving our building. It is truly unique for the Georgetown area," says co-owner Melanie Scharton.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511816/rooted-radiance-luxe-jewelry-opens-doors-in-georgetown) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 