# "Dead Ends" Haircuts Serves Men & Boys at Lake Worth Salon & Spa Galleria

LAKE WORTH, TX, October 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- With close to a decade of experience as a hairstylist, Jessica Kelly has long dedicated herself to ensuring that each client leaves "not only looking great but feeling great" as well. "My mission as a hairstylist is to have people feel like they're in a place of peace, in a calming environment. It's not just a haircut, it is an experience." With the opening of her new salon, Dead Ends, in the Lake Worth Salon & Spa Galleria on Boat Club Road, Jessica now has the ability to ensure just that.  When asked why she chose to become a hairstylist, Jessica said that she had been fascinated watching people cut hair since she was just a child. After attending the Toni & Guy Academy of Keller, she worked at a Great Clips salon for a few years, then moved to a Sport Clips and "unlocked a newfound passion for men's hair." She has been specializing in cuts for men and boys ever since.  Whether doing traditional haircuts, fades, beard detailing, scalp massage or other treatments, Jessica's goal is to provide outstanding service to each of her clients in a safe and welcoming space. She's known for her patience and soft touch, traits that are appreciated by clients with autism, sensory issues, or other special needs who all too often find the salon experience to be overwhelming. "I warmly welcome clients with special needs with understanding, patience, and care and would love the opportunity to have you in my chair. I also have an appreciation for our military and veterans, and as a thank you, I have discounted rates offered to you. I also acknowledge seniors (65+) at a discount as well."  Located in Suite #110 at the Salon and Spa Galleria Lake Worth on 4300 Boat Club Road in Lake Worth, Texas, Dead Ends is open from 9am to 5pm on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays and from 9am to 4pm on Fridays.   Jessica is excited to be starting this new adventure which will allow her to feel comfortable and "be more myself in a space of my own" while also providing more flexibility for family time. By choosing to lease at the Salon & Spa Galleria, she joins a group of independent salon owners who are each able to offer specialized beauty and wellness services in their own private and professional suite.  About Dead Ends Dead Ends is in Suite #110 of the Salon and Spa Galleria located at 4300 Boat Club Road in Lake Worth, Texas. Salon hours are Wed/Thurs/Sat 9am – 5pm and Fri 9a, - 4pm. Walk-ins are welcome but appointments are encouraged and can be made at deadends.booksy.com or by calling (682) 261-9252. For more information, check out the salon on Instagram @deadends2024, Facebook, or TikTok.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon & Spa Galleria offers upscale salon suites for rent boat club rd by independent beauty and wellness professionals who wish to serve clients in a professional yet affordable manner. With twenty-three locations throughout Tarrant County and Parker County, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest growing salon studio rental venues in the greater Fort Worth area. To lease a Fort Worth beauty salon suite, visit the Salon & Spa Galleria website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514710/dead-ends-haircuts-serves-men-boys-at-lake-worth-salon-spa-galleria) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 