# Power Hero Welcomes Michael D'Amato to Advisory Board

BLAINE, WA, October 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Power Hero, a leader in advanced charging technologies, is pleased to announce the appointment of Michael d'Amato to its Advisory Board. With over two decades of experience across renewable energy, engineering, pharmaceuticals, software, and finance, Michael brings a wealth of expertise that will significantly contribute to Power Hero's mission of innovation and growth.  Michael currently serves as the President of VeroMA LLC, a firm focused on business brokering, M&A, and strategic partnerships. In his extensive career, Michael has led transformative projects, including the first merger of a renewable energy company with a listed SPAC, rebranded the company as iSun, Inc., and as Chief Strategy Officer led numerous M&A transactions valued at over $50 million.   Esmond Goei, CEO of Power Hero, stated, "Over the last few years we have focused on building our technology foundation and over the last 12 months alone we increased our IP portfolio to 13 patents granted with several more pending. As we now turn our attention towards commercializing our products, Michael's diverse experience and deep strategic insights will be invaluable. His ability to navigate complex markets and deliver value through partnerships aligns perfectly with our vision."  Brad Gastwirth, a recent addition to Power Hero's Advisory Board, added, "Michael's track record in driving strategic growth across industries is unmatched. His forward-thinking approach will enhance Power Hero's efforts to expand our presence in renewable energy and cutting-edge charging technologies."  Michael d'Amato's appointment comes at a pivotal time as we review licensing inquiries globally. His experience with European companies complements Brad Gastwirth's connections in Australia and Asia Pacific. Power Hero's strategy of global expansion through licensing its IP and product portfolio requires experience in the respective local markets which these gentlemen brings!  About Power Hero: Power Hero is a pioneering company dedicated to advancing clean energy and electric vehicle charging infrastructure. By developing cutting-edge solutions that are both scalable and sustainable, Power Hero aims to empower individuals and businesses alike to embrace a greener future.  For further information, please contact: Press@PowerHero.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514892/power-hero-welcomes-michael-damato-to-advisory-board) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 