# Unlock Offline Enjoyment: DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter

HONG KONG, March 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Spotify is a powerful music application that provides users with a rich audio entertainment experience. It gives you access to millions of songs and other audio content from artists all over the world. Additionally, the convenience of downloading music for offline listening ensures uninterrupted enjoyment, even without an internet connection.   With a monthly subscription, users can listen to music on a variety of devices including smartphones, tablets, computers and smart home systems. You can also enjoy a ad-free listening experience, coupled with features like offline listening, audio-only mode, and background playback, enhancing the overall music experience.  However, while Spotify offers a seamless experience for most users, its advanced services require users to have a premium subscription. It means that if you are using a free version, you might not be able to listen offline and may encounter obtrusive advertising. And some device, such as older smartphones and some CD players may face limitations in compatibility. If you are considering canceling your Spotify Premium subscription but still want to keep listening to your favorite music, you should try using DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter.   Features of DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter Keep Spotify Music Forever with Ease DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter allows you to back up all the music you want from Spotify with ease. This software features a well-designed user interface and cutting-edge recording technology that ensures the converted music files are preserved in their original quality.  Download & Convert Spotify at A High Speed With DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter, you are able to download and convert Spotify songs, albums , or playlists to MP3, M4A, WAV , or FLAC formats. Once you've converted your tracks, you can enjoy them offline wherever you want, even if you don't have the Spotify app or a Spotify Premium subscription. Listen to Spotify Music on All Devices Offline Spotify Premium allows users to download music on up to three devices only. With a free subscription, downloading songs is not possible. However, with DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter, you can easily download and save your preferred playlists and albums from Spotify on almost all devices for offline playback. Preserve ID3 Tags and Metadata Info DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter allows you to download Spotify songs at a 4X faster speed without losing original music quality. It can convert Spotify songs to MP3, M4A, WAV, FLAC with all ID3 tags and metadata preserved. You will never lose the title, artist, album and artwork, etc. Other Advanced Features Besides the above pros, DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter is designed with multi-language interface, which is currently available in ten languages and expanding, users from around the globe can effortlessly navigate the software. Moreover, its customizable settings allow you to tailor the output audio quality to suit your preferences, ensuring an optimal listening experience every time.   The converter also excels in preserving the original integrity of your music by retaining ID tags and metadata information, resulting in DRM-free songs. Plus, its intuitive drag-and-drop support enables you to swiftly add Spotify playlists or songs into the converter with ease, streamlining the conversion process for seamless enjoyment of your favorite tracks.   How to use Spotify Music Converter Step 1: Install and Activate the DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter First, install the software and activate it by typing in your registration email and license key in the registration window. The purchased license provides more functions and has no conversion time limitation. Step 2: Add Music Files You Want to Convert After launching the Converter, sign in to your Spotify account and select the playlist or song you want to convert. You can also drag your songs to the green section. Step 3: Set the Output Format Choose your desired output format including MP3, M4A, WAV, and FLAC. You can also adjust its parameters in Conversion Speed, Sample Rate, and Bit Rate. Step 4: Select the Storage Path  Click "Browse" at the bottom to choose a folder to save converted music files. Otherwise, they will be saved in a default folder as seen in the "Outputs" section. Step 5: Convert the Files After finishing all the setting above, click the convert button to get those songs you want. You can find your converted songs in the file folder you designate.  How much does DumpMedia Spotify cost DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter provides three different types of licenses to users: one-month license, one-year license, and lifetime license. These licenses offer the same features and capabilities, with the only difference being the duration of the license. One-month License: $13.95 One-year License: $49.95 Lifetime License: $79.95  All licenses have a Windows and a Mac version. To help users make an informed decision before purchasing, DumpMedia offers a 30-day free trial period for all users. During this trial period, users can explore the software and test its features to determine if it meets their needs. The free trial is a great way for users to experience the software before investing in a paid license.  However, the free trial version limits the conversion of every songs to 3 minutes. So, it's recommended to get a license to unlock the unlimited downloading experience.  System requirements of Dumpmedia Spotify Music Converter For Windows users, DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter is compatible with Windows 7 or later versions, specifically designed to operate on 64-bit systems. This ensures optimal performance and stability, allowing Windows computer users to seamlessly convert Spotify music with ease. Whether you're running Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or the latest Windows 10, DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter is fully supported, ensuring compatibility across a wide range of Windows devices.  On the other hand, Mac users can enjoy the benefits of DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter on Mac OS X 10.11 or higher. This includes macOS El Capitan, Sierra, High Sierra, Mojave, Catalina, and beyond. By supporting Mac OS X 10.11 or higher, DumpMedia ensures that Mac users can effortlessly convert Spotify music library on a variety of Apple devices, from MacBook Air and MacBook Pro to iMac and Mac Mini.  With DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter, both Windows and Mac users can unlock the full potential of their Spotify music collection, regardless of your preferred operating system. You can try the free version before deciding whether to buy it or not.  Conclusion As a music streaming service assistant, DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter improves your music journey by being a supplement to Spotify. Whether you want to keep Spotify Music for offline listening forever or want to get a more flexible and better conversion output, the DumpMedia Spotify Music Converter is worth trying.  About DumpMedia Our goal is to provide people with the best solution for multimedia conversion, playback and sharing, and to provide you with more exciting visual and audio enjoyment.  We offer new and incredible ways to enjoy music and videos. Every day, thousands of people - like you - are looking for ways to fully control digital music or buy videos. Although you can now easily play Apple Music, Spotify music or iTunes movies, you may still feel uncomfortable because of the limitations of enjoying protected music or videos. We offer a new and DRM-free way for all users to enjoy music and videos. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509165/unlock-offline-enjoyment-dumpmedia-spotify-music-converter) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 