# ESR's Next Level Play Podcast TV Show Goes Live!

NEW YORK, NY, May 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ESR's new talk show NEXT LEVEL PLAY is premiering on YouTube, Xumo Play, Sling TV, and many other worldwide platforms. This podcast-formatted variety show will cover the hottest news in all things gaming, streaming, esports, movies, and TV shows. Hosts and game culturists Sydney Amanuel (The Glass Cannon Network) and Marcus Jahn (The Leaderboard) interview industry insiders, esports players, and streamers; along with tier list rankings, gameplay demos, and much more. Helmed by director Chase Kuertz, executive producer Wendy Wang, and writer Clay Horwitz, this series will break the boundaries between modern talk-show television and online podcasts by creating a hybrid of both in a way that has never been done on TV before. The first episode will take a deep dive into the recent Game Developers Conference (GDC) in San Francisco and discuss Baldur's Gate 3, Stellar Blade, and more.  CEO Wendy Wang says, "The opportunity is ripe to advance the gaming industry forward with a talk show that not only speaks to the previous generation of gamers in their 30s and 40s but also keeps younger gamers informed on the gaming industry. ESR is dedicated to bringing new, funny, informative and exciting entertainment that television has been neglecting to produce for the 3.7 billion gamers worldwide."  NEXT LEVEL PLAY is currently available to watch for free via the links below:  YouTube - https://youtu.be/mxJ62tXz4lk XUMO Play - https://xumotv.us/3UjnKQH Sling TV (10am/pm EST weekends) - https://watch.sling.com/1/network/ESREV/watch  About ESR  ESR is the first 24/7 Gaming TV Network in the USA. It features award-nominated exclusive gameshows, podcast, scripted comedy series, celebrity streamers, documentary-style coverage of Web2 and Web3 gaming events and major esports tournaments, including the biggest games and names in the world of gaming and Esports. ESR's English and multi-language gaming channels are distributed in over 100 countries worldwide.  ESR covers all top video games including Apex Legends, COD: Warzone, CS:GO, Dota2, FIFAe, Fortnite, Hearthstone, HellDivers 2, Hero of the Storm, LOL, NBA 2K, Overwatch, PUBG, Rainbow Six, Rocket League, Smite, StarCraft, Super Smash Bros., Valorant, and WOW.  ESR's programming or live channels on XUMO TV, Sling TV, Amazon Prime, Vizio, Pluto TV, Digicel, Alcom, DigitAlb, DNA, du, Elisa, Etisalat, KPN, Magenta, Omantel, Meo, MTS, MTN, STC, SKY TV, Telefonica, Telia, Tigo, O2, Orange, Proximus, Vodacom, Vodafone, Yettel, T-Mobile and many other platforms around the world. Follow @esr_tv on Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, and Facebook. For more information, visit https://www.esrevolution.com/.  About XUMO An advanced technology company based in sunny California, XUMO seamlessly delivers over-the-top (OTT) video-on-demand (VOD) and LIVE content direct to consumers through smart TVs, mobile and set-top box applications. XUMO brings consumers premium digital and broadcast content via applications that are fully equipped with content recommendations, curated programs and dynamic ad insertion capabilities. Leveraging technological advancements through which living room devices have become both connected and aware, XUMO offers multiple ways to reach and engage with consumers within the home. Learn more about XUMO at www.xumo.com and follow @XumoTV on Twitter.  About Sling TV Sling TV is an Emmy® Award-winning live streaming TV service that provides more than 700 channels from today's most popular networks across its general market, Latino and international services. It is available on all major streaming devices, smart televisions, tablets, game consoles, computers and smartphones. Sling TV offers two general market streaming services, Sling Orange and Sling Blue, that collectively feature content from Disney/ESPN, Fox, NBC, AMC, A&E, AXS, Discovery, Scripps, Turner, Viacom, NBA TV, NFL Network, NHL Network, Pac-12 Networks, GSN, Hallmark, SHOWTIME, STARZ and EPIX. SLING TV offers customers access to free content via Sling Freestream, à la carte channels and services, plus Pay-Per-View events and movies on-demand. SLING TV provides a suite of stand-alone and add-on Spanish-language services and packages tailored to English-dominant, bilingual and Spanish-dominant U.S. households. Sling TV is the leading U.S. provider of foreign-language programming, with more than 400 channels in 27 languages. Visit sling.com for more information. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510536/esrs-next-level-play-podcast-tv-show-goes-live)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/GamingNewsRamp/comments/1ci9ez8/esrs_next_level_play_premieres_on_youtube_xumo/