# BAIRD STRATEGIC MUNICIPAL BOND FUND RECOGNIZED WITH 2024 LSEG LIPPER AWARD

MILWAUKEE, WI, March 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Employee-owned Baird announced that the Baird Strategic Municipal Bond Fund (BSNIX) has received a 2024 LSEG Lipper Fund Award. The fund was named Best Fund Over 3-Years for the period ending November 30, 2023, among 24 short-intermediate municipal debt funds.   The Baird Strategic Municipal Bond Fund is co-managed by Lyle Fitterer, CFA, Duane McAllister, CFA, Erik Schleicher, CFA, Joe Czechowicz, CFA and Gabe Diederich, CFA.   "This is the fifth year in a row that our municipal team has been recognized with a Lipper Award," said Baird Advisors Co-Chief Investment Officer and Baird Funds President Mary Ellen Stanek, CFA. "It speaks to their consistent process, team approach and deep experience in the sector."  The LSEG Lipper Fund Awards recognize funds for their consistently strong risk-adjusted three-, five-, and ten-year performance relative to peers. Based on Lipper's quantitative proprietary methodology, the awards reflect a truly independent and uncompromised assessment of fund performance. For more on Lipper's methodology, click here.   Said Lyle Fitterer, Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager, "We are excited to receive this recognition at a time when the opportunity in bonds, particular municipal bonds, is compelling." Baird recently shared commentary on why bonds offer good opportunity at current rate levels here.  About Baird Funds Baird Funds is a no-load mutual fund family with more than $107 billion in assets as of February 28, 2024. The Baird Funds offer proven track records and a variety of portfolios spanning fixed income and equity asset classes. The ten bond funds and five stock funds feature competitive fees and are managed with a careful focus on risk control. For more information, visit www.bairdfunds.com.  About Baird  Putting clients first since 1919, Baird is an employee-owned, international wealth management, asset management, investment banking/capital markets, and private equity firm with offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. Baird has approximately 5,100 associates serving the needs of individual, corporate, institutional and municipal clients and more than $405 billion in client assets as of June 30, 2023. Committed to being a great workplace, Baird ranked No. 23 on the 2023 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list – its 20th consecutive year on the list. Baird is the marketing name of Baird Financial Group. Baird's principal operating subsidiaries are Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and Baird Trust Company in the United States and Robert W. Baird Group Ltd. in Europe. Baird also has an operating subsidiary in Asia supporting Baird's investment banking and private equity operations. For more information, please visit Baird's website at www.rwbaird.com.  Performance data represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of the investment will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance data may be lower or higher than the data quoted. To read the fund's prospectus or to obtain the fund's performance to the most recent month end, SEC 30-day yield information, any sales charges, maximum sales charges, loads, fees, total annual operating expense ratio, gross of any fee waivers or expense reimbursements as stated in the fee table contact Baird directly at 866-442-2473 or visit the fund's webpage here. Investment minimum for the institutional class is $25,000.  Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of each fund carefully before investing. This and other information is found in the prospectus and summary prospectus. For a prospectus or summary prospectus, contact Baird directly at 866-442-2473 or contact your Financial Advisor.  The LSEG Lipper Fund Awards, granted annually, highlight funds and fund companies that have excelled in delivering consistently strong risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers.  The LSEG Lipper Fund Awards are based on the Lipper Leader for Consistent Return rating, which is a risk-adjusted performance measure calculated over 36, 60 and 120 months. The fund with the highest Lipper Leader for Consistent Return (Effective Return) value in each eligible classification wins the LSEG Lipper Fund Award. For more information, see lipperfundawards.com. Although LSEG Lipper makes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data contained herein, the accuracy is not guaranteed by LSEG Lipper.  LSEG Lipper Fund Awards, ©2024 LSEG. All rights reserved. Used under license. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509258/baird-strategic-municipal-bond-fund-recognized-with-2024-lseg-lipper-award)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1bf85re/baird_strategic_municipal_bond_fund_wins_2024/