# PACTS Community Filmmaker Receives "Best Editing" Award at the Golden State Film Festival in Hollywood

LOS ANGELES, CA, March 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On February 29, 2024, a member of PACTS, International's (People Against Covert Torture and Surveillance, International) targeted individual community, Emmanuel Lee, premiered his original film, Predators Don't Like Attention, at the Golden State Film Festival at TCL Chinese Theatre, also known as Grauman's Chinese Theatre, located on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles, California.   Ten members of the local PACTS, International community joined Mr. Lee for this occasion where he also received an award for "Best Editing - Featured Documentary" for his film which accurately portrays his struggles with directed energy weapons {DEW) attacks allegedly from law enforcement helicopters.  The film meticulously documents the assaults Lee suffers from - along with the head burns to prove it - which he notes began happening to him in 2021. Says Lee, "Why would they intentionally subject me to radiation? I've done nothing wrong, I don't have a criminal record."  However, it seems it is a well-designed ruse, as many in our community have learned that in most all cases, neither the police nor the FBI will assist targeted individuals who come to them for help with their covert targeting issues.   "After my calls were not answered, I went into the Wilshire Station (LAPD) and the front desk gave me the number for a helicopter pilot supervisor", recalls Emmanuel. "The supervisor said they don't have radiation emitting equipment but they use FLIR (Forward Looking Infrared). And he told me to provide proof with pictures/video of the helicopters flying low above utility poles as I informed him."   "I elevated the issue to the FBI," he continues, "and found a wall of indifference to my claims of repeated harassment and harm from aircraft, small planes and helicopters. I had collected the video coverage and on a walk in January, 2023, I decided to produce a documentary using the footage. I immediately called an editor."  The PACTS International community hopes that the film will expose the plight of so many victims across the US and worldwide as help from the FBI, local authorities, and legislators has been extremely limited thus far.   "Emmanuel brought home the message that exposure is key to exposing ANYONE who is using Direct Energy Weapons and surveillance on innocent people. We should follow Emmanuel's queue and expose what is happening with our own video documentaries to the point of public critical mass," says Jax Domnitz, an attendee at the festival and board member of PACTS, International.   "I would like to take a moment to congratulate Emmanuel Lee on his heroic and incredible achievement of being officially selected for the Golden State Film Festival of 2024," says Scott Cranmer, also an attendee and Coordinator of the Los Angeles Havana Syndrome Group. "His choice of medium and form of expression are award-winning and impressive!"  The Golden State Film Festival ran from February 22 - February 29, 2024 at the TCL Chinese Theatre. And according to their website, it "is a competitive event, with exhibitors and prize winners enjoying fantastic exposure before a large audience of enthusiastic film aficionados and high-level industry decision-makers. Filmmakers from across the United States and around the world are eligible to participate..."   Mr. Lee plans to continue seeking out more venues where his film can be shown to raise public awareness and ultimately incite congressional intervention for his situation that he believes may affect perhaps millions of citizens nationwide and worldwide who may be under covert assault, yet unaware.  His film, Predators Don't Like Attention, will be released to the public later this year.  PACTS, International is a 501 (c)(3), non-profit organization dedicated to assisting targeted individuals dealing with covert microwave and directed energy weapons assaults and organized stalking, also known as electronic harassment or Havana syndrome.   We host conference calls two nights per week, publish a magazine, and a newsletter to inform and uplift those dealing with the horrific torture and harassment associated with directed energy weapons attacks and the organized stalking that often accompanies it.   Please visit our website and feel free to contact us if you or someone you know is experiencing the horror of what we often refer to as "the secret holocaust." 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509283/pacts-community-filmmaker-receives-best-editing-award-at-the-golden-state-film-festival-in-hollywood) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 