# PRIVATEAUTO PARTNERS WITH CARLIFE TO OFFER PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY FOR PRIVATE-PARTY VEHICLES

ALPINE, UT, March 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- PrivateAuto, the only end-to-end transactional marketplace for private-party vehicles, has partnered with CarLife, a tech platform providing automotive photo and video content on demand through a curated network of content creators, to offer professional photography services for private-party vehicles.  Through this partnership, PrivateAuto now offers professional photography as an option for sellers to add to their listing. This enhances their listing and provides a higher chance of grabbing potential buyers' attention. Some studies have shown that sellers who have high-quality listing photos can help them sell their car 20% faster than those without.  "First impressions matter. Especially when it comes to the private-party market," says Brad Parker, Co-Founder and CEO of PrivateAuto. "Partnering with CarLife ensures sellers on our platform give the best first impression to potential buyers browsing vehicles. Keeping in line with our goal of simplifying the private sale, this integration is the easiest way to get professional photos for your listing."  Customers can easily order professional photography within the PrivateAuto app. Then the customer will be contacted by CarLife to schedule a time to take professional photos and videos of the vehicle at the customer's convenience. These photos and videos will be uploaded directly to the PrivateAuto listing, as well as delivered to the customer for their own use.  "We're thrilled to join forces with PrivateAuto and their exceptional team. We're firm believers in the marketplace they've built and the immense value that it brings to the private party sale," says Matt Laux, Founder and President of CarLife. "With our integration, PrivateAuto sellers can easily request for professional photographers to come to them whenever they need. This means their vehicle listings will look top-notch with amazing photos and videos, helping their cars stand out and attract more buyers."  PrivateAuto users can find the integration in the Services Hub after logging into the app. They'll also be able to add the service during the process of listing their car in the PrivateAuto app.  About PrivateAuto PrivateAuto is the first transactional marketplace that enables a safe and secure way to buy and sell vehicles privately. Founded in 2020, the company provides a self-service platform that removes the middleman and uses proprietary banking technology so buyers and sellers can safely close the sale on their own, anytime. For more information, visit privateauto.com.  Media Contact Caleb Whittle Chief Marketing Officer caleb@privateauto.com  About CarLife CarLife is a tech platform providing automotive photo and video content on demand through a curated network of the highest-quality content creators across the United States. From top brands like Ferrari, Porsche, and BMW to trusted names like Subaru and Toyota, CarLife collaborates daily to deliver outstanding content and seamless content integrations to their dealerships and partnered marketing agencies. As of 2024, CarLife is thrilled to announce its expansion into the private seller market, empowering individuals to use the CarLife platform to request professional photos and videos on demand for their vehicle listings across the United States.  Media Contact Matthew Laux Founder & President ml@carlifemarketing.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509147/privateauto-partners-with-carlife-to-offer-professional-photography-for-private-party-vehicles)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bf85y0/privateauto_partners_with_carlife_to_offer/