# Join a movement to accelerate a cure for multiple myeloma! The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation® Walk/Run

LOS ANGELES, CA, July 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- For over 25 years, the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation® (MMRF) has been the leading cancer research organization solely focused on multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer.   "Looking back to where we began over 25 years ago, myeloma research has been transformed thanks to the persistence of the entire myeloma community. Yet, there is still much work to be done," states Michael Andreini, President and Chief Executive Officer, Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation®. "We remain committed to taking calculated risks and driving innovation through collaboration with our partners, we will continue to do great things on behalf of myeloma patients everywhere."   Register for free and start fundraising today! Your support is essential and has a meaningful impact on the lives of thousands of patients and their loved ones. Most events take place over a weekend and begin between 8:15am and 9:00am and end between 10:30am -11:00am.   Since the MMRF was founded over 25 years ago, it has raised over $600 million for research, opened nearly 100 clinical trials, and helped bring over 15 FDA-approved therapies to market, which have tripled the life expectancy of myeloma patients.   With continued support, and efforts such as the Walk / Run events in cities across the country this August – December, the MMRF will continue to accelerate the development and delivery of novel therapies, use data to drive optimal and more personalized treatment approaches, and empower myeloma patients and the broader community with information and resources to help them advocate for their care and extend their lives.   Funds raised through past events have enabled the MMRF to: •	Invest over $600M in research. •	Bring 15+ FDA-approved drugs to market. •	Triple patient survival.  The Spirit of Hope Award is given to individuals/groups who inspire hope and show extraordinary commitment to the MMRF. This award is presented at every Walk/Run to a patient, caregiver, or family member who inspires hope through their resilience, perseverance, and dedication to the MMRF and its mission.  The first two events are kicking off in California in August  DETAILS RUN / WALK Saturday, August 17th Location: Griffith Park / Tennis Courts Event Site Opens: 8:00 AM  Program Begins: 8:20 AM  Walk/Run: 9:00 AM - 10:15 AM  Chaired by Chairs: Dr. Scott Goldsmith, City of Hope  Spirit of Hope: Archana More Sharma  DETAILS RUN / WALK Date: Saturday, August 24th Location: Marina Green Event Site Opens: 9:00 AM Program Begins: 9:20AM Walk/Run: 10:00 AM – 11:15 AM Closing Remarks: 11:15 AM Chaired by Chairs Dr. Jeffrey Wolf, Dr. Tom Martin, & Dr. Ajai Chari, UCSF Spirit of Hope: MaryLee Millard- In memory of her husband, Dennis   To get involved, find a city near you by registering at www.themmrf.org.  About the Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation® (MMRF) The Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation® (MMRF) is the largest nonprofit in the world solely focused on accelerating a cure for every multiple myeloma patient. We drive the development and delivery of next-generation therapies, leverage data to identify optimal and more personalized treatment approaches and empower myeloma patients and the broader community with information and resources to extend their lives. Central to our mission is our commitment to advancing health equity so that all myeloma patients can benefit from the scientific and clinical advances we pursue. Since our inception, the MMRF has committed over $600 million for research, opened nearly 100 clinical trials, and helped bring 15+ FDA-approved therapies to market, which have tripled the life expectancy of myeloma patients. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512392/join-a-movement-to-accelerate-a-cure-for-multiple-myeloma-the-multiple-myeloma-research-foundation-walkrun) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 