# Opus VO Revolutionizes Plumbing and Electrical Services with Time and Cost-Saving Solutions

BOCA RATON, FL, July 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Opus Virtual Offices, a nationwide leader in virtual office solutions, is proud to announce innovative solutions designed to help plumbers and electricians save money and optimize their business operations. Plumbers and electricians will no longer have to worry about missing a call while out on the job with Opus VO's live call answering service. A professional live receptionist will answer any and all calls so plumbers and electricians can spend their time fixing problems while administrative tasks are being handled by Opus VO. They can also enhance their credibility with a prestigious business address and benefit from Opus VO's mail handling services.  "Plumbers and electricians are the backbone of the service industry." Says CEO Yori Galel. "Their jobs are of vital importance and Opus VO is proud to help them modernize their business so they can focus on helping people rather than wasting time with administrative tasks." Opus Virtual Offices understands the critical role that plumbers and electricians play in maintaining and improving our infrastructure. By offering affordable and efficient virtual office solutions, Opus VO empowers these professionals to operate more effectively and profitably. The Wall Street Journal recently highlighted how plumbers and electricians utilize FaceTime to virtually help clients and Opus VO takes pride in assisting them with the other facets of their business.  About Opus Virtual Offices  Opus Virtual Offices has become the fastest-growing company in the alternative workspace industry, with more than 650 locations throughout the U.S. and Canada. Their successful business model is built on providing complete office services for a single, low monthly rate of $99. Exclusive features of an Opus Virtual Office include a live receptionist answering and transferring calls, a prestigious corporate mailing address, a business phone, fax, and voicemail.  Opus Virtual Offices offers professional state-of-the-art conference rooms available for a flat hourly rental rate. Unlike many other virtual office providers, there is no fine print, hidden charges, or service limitations. Leave the costs associated with a traditional office lease behind and concentrate on running your business. With Opus Virtual Offices, you have all the benefits of a conventional office lease without worrying about excessive overhead expenses. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512383/opus-vo-revolutionizes-plumbing-and-electrical-services-with-time-and-cost-saving-solutions) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 