# Bestselling Author Ken Honda Publishes New Novel, 'True Wealth — 9 Lessons From a Grandfather on Happiness and Abundance.'

NEW YORK, NY, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Ken Honda is a Japanese bestselling author whose books have sold over eight million copies internationally since 2001. His first English language book "Happy Money: The Japanese Art of Making Peace With Your Money" (June 2019, Simon & Schuster) is an international bestseller. His new novel is "True Wealth – 9 Lessons From a Grandfather on Happiness and Abundance" (May 2024, Hay House).  "True Wealth" tells the story of protagonist Kei, who at the age of 20 inherits a series of nine letters covering 80 years of his wealthy grandfather's learned wisdom. Each unveils an important lesson about what's most important in life: achieving a joyous and successful life beyond material wealth.  Motivated by these letters, Kei embarks on an introspective international journey — from Tokyo to Hokkaido to Bangkok, Bhutan, and beyond — to learn about his grandfather's past. With every letter, his worldview expands, leading him closer to understanding his grandfather's legacy and the profound meaning of true wealth. The letters invite readers to contemplate the meaning of wealth beyond financial abundance through essential lessons, including:  •	The value of failure to propel us forward. •	How great relationships transform our lives for the better. •	The power of determination to chart our course. •	The opportunity we have, every day, to choose actions that will change our lives. •	 How to make the most of our gift of intuition. •	The intricate balance between money and true abundance. •	How to allow life to be guided by synchronicity. •	The most practical and joyous path to earning money through our work. •	The difference between destiny and fate. •	And much more!  Ken's purpose in writing "True Wealth" is to propel readers toward a life rich in happiness, purpose, and authentic connection.  "True wealth begins with gratitude," he says. "When we cultivate a deep sense of gratitude for the blessings and abundance already present in our lives, we shift our focus from what we lack to what we have. Gratitude opens the door to more blessings, as it is through acknowledging and appreciating the abundance around us that we attract even more abundance into our lives."  "'True Wealth' reads like the blueprint or road map to happiness and abundance that we all wish we were taught when we were little but never had the chance. It would make an outstanding graduation gift to someone you love, or simply a gift of guiding light you give to yourself." — Jack Canfield, co-author of the Chicken Soup for the Soul® series and The Success Principles™  "'True Wealth' is the contemporary spiritual novel of our age, and Ken Honda has crafted a story that touches the true essence of what it means to live authentically. It will change your life." — Michael B. Beckwith, founder and CEO of Agape International Spiritual Center and author of Spiritual Liberation and Life Visioning  About: Money and happiness expert Ken Honda is a bestselling self-development author in Japan, with book sales surpassing eight million copies since 2001. His first English language book, "Happy Money: The Japanese Art of Making Peace With Your Money" (June 2019, Simon & Schuster), is an international bestseller. His new novel is "True Wealth – 9 Lessons From a Grandfather on Happiness and Abundance" (May 14, 2024, Hay House). Learn more at KenHonda.com.  For more information, visit the online press kit KenHonda.OnlinePressKit247.com and public site KenHonda.com. For interview requests, contact michelle@wasabipublicity.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512548/bestselling-author-ken-honda-publishes-new-novel-true-wealth-9-lessons-from-a-grandfather-on-happiness-and-abundance) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 