# Coconut Software Collaborates with Jack Henry to Streamline Customer Access to Expert Advice

TORONTO, ON, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Coconut Software, a leader in enterprise appointment solutions strategically built for the financial services industry, announced today that its platform is now accessible through the Jack Henry™ digital banking platform. Coconut Software leveraged the Banno Digital Toolkit™, the same set of APIs the Banno Digital Platform™ is built on, to embed its technology into the digital experiences offered by community and regional financial institutions.   Access to Jack Henry's API, design, and authenticated frameworks has enabled Coconut Software to directly integrate into the digital banking platform providing a seamless banking experience. This integration contributes to Jack Henry's growing ecosystem of over 1,000 fintechs, providing approximately 7,500 financial institutions with relevant financial products and services for their account holders.   Coconut Software's enterprise appointment solutions make it effortless for customers to connect with the right experts in the moments when interest and motivation are highest. With Coconut, customers can instantly schedule time with qualified representatives to discuss the products they want, on their terms—via phone, video call, or in a branch. Staff are equipped with everything they need to deliver stellar service quickly, resulting in higher conversion rates, more products sold, and business insights on prefunding activities. Over 150+ financial institutions trust Coconut to help boost their NPS and CSAT scores, increase deposits, and improve loan pull-through rates.  "Customers perform 70% of their banking online, and I'm very passionate that we are where the customer is. Let's not send them on a treasure hunt to access your most valuable resource – advice from your advisors," Katherine Regnier, CEO of Coconut Software. "This integration with the Banno Digital Toolkit will result in great success for the business and their customers."  For more information about Coconut Software digital banking integrations, connect with an expert at: https://www.coconutsoftware.com/schedule-a-consultation/  About Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.® Jack Henry™ (Nasdaq: JKHY) is a well-rounded financial technology company that strengthens connections between financial institutions and the people and businesses they serve. We are an S&P 500 company that prioritizes openness, collaboration, and user centricity – offering banks and credit unions a vibrant ecosystem of internally developed modern capabilities as well as the ability to integrate with leading fintechs. For more than 48 years, Jack Henry has provided technology solutions to enable clients to innovate faster, strategically differentiate, and successfully compete while serving the evolving needs of their account holders. We empower approximately 7,500 clients with people-inspired innovation, personal service, and insight-driven solutions that help reduce the barriers to financial health. Additional information is available at http://www.jackhenry.com  About Coconut Software At Coconut Software, we believe connecting with your financial institution should feel as breezy as a day at the beach. That's why we spent a decade building a platform that makes it effortless for customers to connect with representatives and easy for staff to deliver exceptional experiences. Our appointment scheduling, queue management, and video banking solutions are trusted by 150+ leading financial institutions across North America, including RBC, Vancity, and Rogue Credit Union. Coconut Software helps these FIs (and more) attract new customers, improve experience, sell more products, and improve customer loyalty. Learn more at: https://www.coconutsoftware.com/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512525/coconut-software-collaborates-with-jack-henry-to-streamline-customer-access-to-expert-advice)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1e4id2r/coconut_software_integrates_with_jack_henry/