# DCAC Consultants Earn Multiple Microsoft MVP Awards

OCEANSIDE, CA, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Microsoft announced five consultants from Denny Cherry and Associates Consulting (DCAC), a full-service IT consulting company, have again been awarded Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) status, earning six 2024 Microsoft MVP awards.  Denny Cherry, Owner and Principal Consultant of DCAC, received the Microsoft MVP in two award categories, Microsoft Data Platform and Microsoft Azure. Cherry is one of only a handful of people worldwide to earn dual MVP awards.   •	Denny Cherry - Data Platform and Cloud Platform •	Joey D'Antoni - Data Platform •	Meagan Longoria - Data Platform •	John Morehouse - Data Platform •	Monica Rathbun - Data Platform  "Our accomplished team of Microsoft MVPs thrives on creating data and cloud solutions to support our clients' success," says Cherry. "Each consultant also spends a lot of personal time working on activities to educate the IT community and DCAC is proud to support them in these endeavors."  Microsoft announced the 2024 MVP Awards on July 10, 2024 for their fiscal year (July 2024-June 2025). Microsoft MVPs are a global group of technical experts and leaders from 90 countries/regions who passionately share their knowledge with the community. Their contributions include speaking engagements, writing books, posting on social media, and helping others in online communities.  About Denny Cherry & Associates Consulting Award-winning Microsoft Partner Denny Cherry and Associates Consulting (DCAC) assists companies with reliably attaining IT goals such as cloud migration (to public clouds like Azure and AWS including using VMWare in the cloud), HA, scalability, SQL Server virtualization and acceleration. With clients ranging from Fortune 50 corporations to small businesses, DCAC's commitment to each is the same: to provide a deft, high-speed IT environment that maximizes every aspect of their platform: from architecture to infrastructure to network. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512524/dcac-consultants-earn-multiple-microsoft-mvp-awards) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 