# Hair by Kursten Opens at Oakmont Salon & Spa Galleria in Fort Worth

FORT WORTH, TX, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Kursten Garcia is thrilled to announce the opening of her new salon, Hair by Kursten, which is located in the Salon & Spa Galleria Oakmont Blvd at 6351 Oakmont Blvd. in Fort Worth, Texas. By choosing to lease space in the upscale galleria, Kursten has joined a group of experienced professionals who are each able to offer specialized salon services in their own private salon suite.  Kursten got an early start in her career when she participated in a 4-year program during her high school years. Since then, she has become well-versed in all types of salon services including cuts, conventional and creative coloring, hair extensions, blow-outs and much more. She particularly enjoys working with clients who might be considering a new look.  Hair by Kursten will provide traditional salon services and a range of specialty treatments. Kursten is particularly talented when it comes to hand-tied extensions and blonding techniques highlights/lowlights, balayage, flamboyage, and other creative looks which can make such a difference in how a client looks and feels. Samples of Kursten's work can be seen on her Facebook page or on Instagram @kurstenstyles.n.smilez. She will be offering complementary color and extension consultations for anyone who would like to know more about these options.  In order to ensure individual attention and timely service, clients will be seen by appointment only. Appointments can be made by contacting Kursten directly at (817) 404-2775 or by booking on-line.  About Hair by Kursten Hair by Kursten is located in Suite #142 of the Salon and Spa Galleria at 6351 Oakmont Blvd in  Fort Worth, TX 76132. Services are provided by appointment only and can be made on the salon's booking webpage, or by calling or texting the owner directly at (817) 404-2775.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon & Spa Galleria offers upscale salon suites for rent by independent beauty and wellness professionals who wish to serve clients in a professional yet affordable manner. With 23 locations throughout Tarrant County and Parker County, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest growing privately held salon studio rental chains in the United States. To lease a Fort Worth beauty salon suite at any of our salon locations, visit the Salon & Spa Galleria website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512466/hair-by-kursten-opens-at-oakmont-salon-spa-galleria-in-fort-worth) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 