# MartinWren, P.C. Debuts its "A Second Chance: How My Accident Changed My Goals for the Future" Scholarship

CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- This year's undergraduate and graduate students have the opportunity to win $2,500 from MartinWren, P.C., courtesy of the firm's new "A Second Chance: How My Accident Changed My Goals for the Future" Scholarship. Students have until October 1, 2024, to complete video essays answering the following question:  How has a traumatic car accident changed your plans for the future?  The firm encourages students to think critically about the limitations a traumatic car accident may have introduced into their lives, whether those limitations are physical, financial, or emotional. We also want students to discuss how they've worked to overcome those limitations and how their community supported their growth.  MartinWren, P.C. wants to celebrate students who have overcome unfair odds to shape a tragedy into a life-altering commitment to their future. The video essays students use to elaborate on their accidents should be between one and two minutes in length.  Students should record their video essays in a quiet, well-lit space to optimize the quality of their content. The firm encourages students to use video editing software, including Adobe Creative Cloud, to increase the quality of their essays. However, the use of video editing software will not impact the firm's choice of a scholarship winner.   Likewise, students may not use AI to create fake actors, fake video footage, or implement voice-modulating effects over their content. Students who inappropriately use AI to create their video essays will have their applications removed from the "A Second Chance: How My Accident Changed My Goals for the Future" Scholarship pool.  Again, students have until October 1, 2024, to submit their video essays and other materials outlined in the scholarship's terms and conditions to MartinWren, P.C.'s scholarship selection committee. The firm then reserves up to three months to select its winner.  MartinWren, P.C.'s personal injury attorneys encourage undergraduate and graduate students in all fields of study to put their applications forward before time runs out. The team looks forward to listening to students' inspirational stories and helping one lucky recipient pursue their long-term goals.  About MartinWren, P.C.  The personal injury lawyers with MartinWren, P.C. help clients overcome losses sustained in a range of accidents, from tractor-trailer collisions and car accidents to traumatic brain injuries. Our legal advice can ensure that survivors can hold the right parties accountable for the financial losses these accidents cause.  Like President Theodore Roosevelt, our team speaks softly but carries a big stick. Our clients can trust us to compassionately and aggressively address their concerns. We're here to help our clients recover from serious accidents with millions secured in and out of court. Interested parties can book a FREE personal injury case evaluation with us today. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512556/martinwren-pc-debuts-its-a-second-chance-how-my-accident-changed-my-goals-for-the-future-scholarship)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1e4icrp/martinwren_pc_offers_2500_scholarship_for/