# Rogue Space Systems and IP Copilot Partnership to Enhance Intellectual Property Management for Start-Up Businesses

GILFORD, NH, July 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Rogue Space Systems Corporation and IP Copilot are proud to announce a new partnership to bring the power of IP Copilot, the leading AI IP platform, to Rogue's small-business engine. Innovation is at the heart of Rogue Space Systems and IP Copilot is helping us identify and protect our best inventions at lighting speed.   New technology and patent rights bring critical value to start-up businesses like Rogue. Where large companies have teams of engineers and lawyers to secure these rights, start-ups like Rogue must find breakthroughs in all areas, including IP protection, to punch above their weight and keep pace with the rate of innovation. IP Copilot provides an intuitive AI interface that will help Rogue analyze its inventions, review existing technology and market key innovations.   "We are excited to support Rogue Space Systems' innovative work in space technology. Together, we aim to protect and enhance the value of their groundbreaking work in the space industry," said Austin Walters, CEO of IP Copilot.  "As a startup that values intellectual property, we are always looking for the best way to protect our ideas efficiently. IP Copilot is like giving each and every innovator their own IP counsel, driving value from our innovations just like bigger companies" said Rogue Space Systems CEO Jon Beam.  Rogue Space Systems: Rogue Space Systems is known for its development of autonomous Orbital Robots (Orbots™) that perform a variety of in-orbit services for civilian and defense entities such as satellite inspection, maintenance, and repair. Rogue is continually looking to complement its business efforts through partnerships with other tech-development start-ups. By teaming up with IP Copilot, Rogue Space aims to leverage cutting-edge IP management tools to maximize the value of its innovations.  IP Copilot: IP Copilot, an AI-powered platform designed to help companies efficiently discover, capture & manage their intellectual property. By leveraging advanced AI technology, IP Copilot streamlines the invention disclosure process, improves prior art analysis, and ensures that innovations are effectively documented and protected.  For more information, please contact:  Rogue Space Systems Corporation Brent Abbott, CRO brent.abbott@rogue.space   IP Copilot Austin Walters, Founder & CEO austin@ipcopilot.ai 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512473/rogue-space-systems-and-ip-copilot-partnership-to-enhance-intellectual-property-management-for-start-up-businesses)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

