# CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER ANNOUNCED AT VECTOR CHOICE TECHNOLOGIES

LUBBOCK, TX, July 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Vector Choice Technologies, a leading cybersecurity, compliance, and managed IT provider, announced today the promotion of Mike Bazar to Chief Revenue Officer effective June 19, 2024.   In their previous role as Chief Technology Officer, Mike Bazar played a pivotal role in shaping the technological direction and capabilities of Vector Choice, provided strategic vision and innovation in executing long-term technology strategy aligned with business goals, and fostered a culture of continuous learning and innovation.   As CRO, Mike Bazar will be responsible for revenue growth, developing and implementing comprehensive revenue generation strategies, identifying new market opportunities, forecasting and reporting, and cross-departmental collaboration. His proven track record and expertise will drive new strategies and opportunities at Vector Choice.   "I am thrilled to be taking on this new challenge at Vector Choice," said Mike Bazar. "I look forward to the continuous growth and opportunities for Vector Choice!"  About Mike Bazar  Mike Bazar is the CRO of Vector Choice. As a seasoned IT professional with over 20 years' experience in the industry, Mr. Bazar started his career in the mining technology industry designing intelligent automation systems and analyzing data. In 2003, Mike started Bazar Solutions in Lubbock, Texas. He is a well-known subject matter expert, guest speaker, and highly recognized authority in the MSP industry.  Mr. Bazar graduated from Colorado School of Mines with a BS in Mechanical Engineering. Since then, Mike has been pursuing his passion for helping clients find solutions to their technology problems. He enjoys hunting, fishing, playing with his kids, and traveling. Mike has traveled to every continent, with the exception of Antarctica and Australia.  In 2023, Mike and his Bazar Solutions team merged with Vector Choice, becoming equal partners in the company.  About Vector Choice Technologies  Founded in 2008, Vector Choice Technologies is an industry-leading provider of IT solutions with its HQ in Lubbock, TX. The company offers a wide range of services, including cloud computing, managed IT services, employee training, compliance, and cybersecurity solutions. Vector Choice is committed to providing its clients with the highest level of service and support.  Related Link: https://vectorchoice.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512373/chief-revenue-officer-announced-at-vector-choice-technologies)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1e0ivhf/vector_choice_technologies_promotes_mike_bazar_to/