# It's Hot Honey Summer at Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, July 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings, owned by BurgerFi International, Inc., is shaking up summer with some sweet-heat. Starting today, Anthony's is bringing a twist to your Italian summer dreams with its Mike's Hot Honey® & Burrata limited-time menu.   "We've seen tremendous success with our previous Mike's Hot Honey® launch for wings and pizza, which later became permanent menu items. Now, we're excited to reintroduce these flavors with a summer twist," said Carl Bachmann, Chief Executive Officer for BurgerFi International. "At Anthony's, we're dedicated to bringing guests together through the love of authentic, high-quality Italian cuisine. These flavor profiles have resonated strongly with our guests, and we're committed to meeting their expectations with every bite."   Guests can try Anthony's Mike's Hot Honey® & Burrata Pizza, featuring Italian plum tomato sauce, red onions, fresh burrata, and prosciutto, all topped with fresh basil, then drizzled with Mike's Hot Honey® and balsamic glaze. Its Burrata & Prosciutto Sandwich includes fresh burrata, prosciutto, roasted red peppers, arugula, balsamic glaze, and homemade Italian dressing. Top it off with the returning Mike's Hot Honey® Margarita which blends El Tesoro tequila, Triple Sec, lime juice, and Mike's Hot Honey®, garnished with a lime.   Anthony's will also be introducing the new Burrata & Prosciutto Spaghetti which combines fresh burrata and crispy prosciutto with spaghetti in Italian plum tomato sauce, topped with a basil flower. Those who crave a sweet treat can try the new Strawberry 2-Layer Cake! This bite of summer offers buttery-moist layers of cake topped with cream cheese icing and finished with fresh strawberry glaze.   "Our guests have been raving about the Hot Honey flavor profile, and we're thrilled to elevate their experience by incorporating seasonal flavors they adore," said Cindy Syracuse, Chief Marketing Officer for BurgerFi International. " We're committed to culinary innovation at Anthony's by cross-utilizing unique flavors. We can't wait for our guests to savor these sensations!"  The Mike's Hot Honey ® & Burrata menu will be available at all locations while supplies last. For more information about Anthony's, visit www.acfp.com.  About Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings  Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza & Wings was acquired by BurgerFi International Inc. (Nasdaq: BFI, 2021 and is a premium pizza and wings brand that operates 59 corporate-owned casual restaurant locations. Known for serving fresh, never frozen and quality ingredients, Anthony's is centered around a 900-degree coal fired oven with menu offerings including "well-done" pizza, coal fired chicken wings, homemade meatballs, and a variety of handcrafted sandwiches and salads. Anthony's was named "The Best Pizza Chain in America" by USA Today's Great American Bites, "Top 3 Best Major Pizza Chain" by Mashed in 2021, and made the 2024 "Best Customer Service List" by Forbes. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512449/its-hot-honey-summer-at-anthonys-coal-fired-pizza) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 