# Longtree Launches Keynote Speaker Engagement Programs, Publishes Certification and Operations Manual for Assisted Living Administrators

MESA, AZ, July 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Longtree, a leading healthcare consulting and education company, announces the launch of its new Keynote Speaker Engagement Programs. This innovative offering aims to elevate event experiences by providing access to dynamic and influential speaker, Laurie Loughney, CEO of Longtree, who inspires, educates and captivates audiences in the corporate and healthcare arenas.  With the demand for engaging and impactful events on the rise, Longtree's Keynote Speaker Engagement Programs provide event organizers with a convenient and comprehensive solution to secure top-tier speakers for conferences, seminars, corporate gatherings and other special events. By partnering with Longtree, clients can benefit from personalized speaker commitments, a seamless booking process and tailored support to ensure that each presentation aligns perfectly with the event's theme and objectives.   The Longtree team has curated a diverse selection of topics, designed for those in managerial and leadership roles; these include "Calm in Corporate Connections," "The Building Blocks of Sustainable Long-Term Care," "Leadership Reimagined" and "Transformative or Transactional: Understanding 2024 and Beyond Corporate Culture."  "With a shared background as national, state and regional presenters for groups such as LeadingAge and ACHA, we understand the importance of initiatives and strategies for 2024 and beyond," said Loughney. "We are excited to introduce our keynote speakers and their timely topics as part of our commitment to delivering exceptional event experiences to healthcare and long-term care professionals."   For more information about Longtree's Keynote Speaker Engagement Programs, contact Laurie Loughney at LaurieL@LongtreeEducation.com or visit www.LaurieLoughney.com.  Launching of Assisted Living Administrator Manual Longtree is now offering "The Certified Assisted Living Administrator Manual," written by Laurie Loughney and Barbara Darlington, MSRN, A-NCP. The book, available in print and digital versions, is a comprehensive guide to help administrators master certification and operations at assisted living residences. The manual can be ordered on the Longtree Education website at https://tinyurl.com/CALAmanual.   About Laurie Loughney Laurie Loughney's reputation as a transformational leader is widely recognized. Colleagues value her influential leadership and thought-provoking strategies. Clients appreciate her pragmatic and solution-based approach to leadership, which has positively impacted frontline professionals, managers, executives, C-Team members, and consulting clients. Throughout her career, Laurie has achieved significant accomplishments including leading successful licensure approval processes, improving profitability, and expanding market reach. As a change agent, she has overseen integration processes.  About Longtree Education  Since 1998, Longtree & Associates has been providing top-quality healthcare education in the form of workshops and seminars that build careers in patient care and facility management. Its courses and training programs have helped thousands of professionals achieve meaningful and lasting success in reaching executive and frontline professional status in a range of long-term care and healthcare environments. Longtree also provides comprehensive consulting services for long-term care organizations in all aspects of operations that affect teams, leaders, residents, and their families. At the helm are President Patrick Loughney and CEO Laurie Loughney, BS, LNHA, CALA, CSW, CDP, AHM, who has decades of experience in executive-level healthcare. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512451/longtree-launches-keynote-speaker-engagement-programs-publishes-certification-and-operations-manual-for-assisted-living-administrators)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1e0ivjf/longtree_launches_keynote_speaker_engagement/