# Singer Songwriter Joe Little III Publishes 1st Children's Book 'Joey Wants to Sing' - Now Available

LOS ANGELES, CA, July 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Congratulations are in order as well as a celebration for singer/songwriter/producer Joe Little III who's known as a Billboard/Grammy award winning artist. Most know Joe as the lead singer of the 90's RnB group 'Rude Boys.' The fans of this RnB group absolutely loved the infamous single and smash hit "Written All Over Your Face."   Well, Joe Little III has decided to utilize his writing skills to publish the children's book 'Joey Wants to Sing.' Early in life, as young "Joey" the award winning artist knew he wanted to make an impact and influence his peers to be great, and he's always had dreams to change the world through music that resonates and touches lives through his artistry.   With the help of his Art Director Felesia McDonald Joe was able to venture into the realm of children's literature. You will be amazed at the brilliant artwork throughout the inside pages of the book. The cover alone is mind blowing!   Please support Joe Little III as he wants to give back to the community with a positive message to encourage young boys to pursue their childhood dreams as he did. It was because of the love of his mother who was his biggest fan, the support of and guidance of his best friend Gerald Levert and his group Rude Boys all supported him along his journey.  Now, it's time to pay it forward and ignite imaginations of children everywhere.  Joe Little III will be in Atlanta, GA on August 2, 2024 to participate in Black Writer's Weekend at the Riverside EpiCenter on the HIS STORY panel at 3:00pm Moderated by Tobias Armand alongside oanelists Lem Collins and Ashante P Stokes  Please visit the websites for more products www.Joeybeanz.com and discover our different types of coffee available for purchase. www.joeywantstosing.com is where you can purchase the books. Follow Joe Little III on social media @joelittlerudeboysofficial.com   For serious media inquiries please contact Jonell Whitt Whyjonellpr@gmail.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512390/singer-songwriter-joe-little-iii-publishes-1st-childrens-book-joey-wants-to-sing-now-available)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/eventNews/comments/1e0iv1i/former_rnb_artist_joe_little_iii_writes_childrens/