# apZme Welcomes Brian Colao to Advisory Board

HOLLYWOOD, FL, July 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- apZme, a leading Dental Sleep Organization (DSO) and Management Services Organization (MSO) dedicated to supporting sleep apnea and dental sleep medicine practices, is thrilled to announce that Brian Colao has joined the company's Advisory Board.  Brian Colao brings a wealth of experience and expertise in the dental industry. He is the Director of Dykema's Dental Service Organizations (DSO) Industry Group and has been in the dental space for nearly 30 years. He is widely regarded as one of the foremost authorities in the US on DSO formation, DSO business structures, DSO related mergers and acquisitions, and regulatory compliance for DSOs including the corporate practice of dentistry, illegal fee splitting, advertising regulations, laboratory regulations, patient finance regulations, billing regulations, HIPAA regulations, credentialing, permit and licensure regulations, marketing regulations, and labor law regulations affecting dental practices.  "We are honored to have Brian Colao join our Advisory Board," said Rani Ben-David, CEO of apZme. "Brian's extensive experience and industry leadership will be invaluable as we continue to expand our footprint and expand our services. His expertise will help guide us in our mission to be the leader in sleep medicine."  At Dykema, Brian Colao has been instrumental in shaping the landscape of DSOs, providing legal counsel and strategic guidance to some of the largest DSOs in the country. His contributions have been pivotal in driving growth and innovation within the industry.  "I am excited to join the Advisory Board of apZme," said Brian Colao. "apZme is at the forefront of dental sleep medicine, and I look forward to contributing to its mission of improving patient care through innovative solutions and strategic same store growth."  The addition of Brian Colao to the Advisory Board marks a significant step forward for apZme as the company continues to strengthen its leadership team and broaden its impact in the field of sleep medicine.  apZme is a DSO/MSO for practices that focus on Sleep Apnea & Dental Sleep Medicine. With over a combined 200 years of Sleep Medicine expertise, apZme offers proprietary policies, procedures, and technology to ensure member practice success. Rapidly growing through M&A and denovo center growth, apZme provides solutions for dental DSOs looking to incorporate dental sleep medicine into existing practices. Visit our website at www.apzme.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512650/apzme-welcomes-brian-colao-to-advisory-board) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 