# 30A Distilling Co Launches World's First Rosa American Agave Spirit

SANTA ROSA BEACH, FL, April 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- 30A Distilling Co is excited to announce the launch of its newest product, Grayton Beach Rosa Agave Spirit. 30A's Rosa Agave Spirit is first time ever that a Blanco American Agave Spirit has been rested in a used French Oak Pinot Noir barrel.  There are a small handful of red wine rested Mexican Tequilas on the market, Rosas, but never before has a version been produced in the United States.  30A Distilling Co's Rosa Agave spirit is made from a blend of 100% Organic Blue Weber Agave nectar and sustainably/ethically harvested Wild Varieties of Agave nectar, sourced from Mexico. The agave syrups are fermented in-house, with a unique yeast that produces wonderful fruity/floral aromas, and twice distilled. The resulting spirit is then aged in a used French Oak Pinot Noir barrels for at least 6 months.  Our Rosa has a beautiful pinkish hue; with an aroma of flower petals, light honey, and soft well-balanced oak, imbibers will notice a pleasing mouthfeel, agave, and red ripe fruits on the palate. Rosa finishes with notes of gentle spice, round luxurious tannins, and rock candy.  "Rosa was a true passion project for me. I love Tequilas and Mezcals and have the greatest respect for the master distillers south of the border. Since I can't be there with them, the next best thing was to make an American version. Rosa is everything that I dreamed it would be. It's so complex and nuanced, and it tastes amazing. You will love it this summer; whether neat, on the rocks, or in a top shelf margarita" says owner and head distiller Brian Rabon.  Grayton Beach Rosa Agave Spirit will be released to the public on April 28, 2024 at 30A Distilling Co's 2nd year anniversary party at the distillery located in Santa Rosa Beach, Florida. We will offer straight pours of Rosa, as well as cocktails and bottles for purchase.  Media Contact: Brian Rabon, info@30adistillingco.com  About 30A Distilling Co 30A Distilling Co is a farm to glass distillery themed around the remarkable beach communities of Highway 30A. We believe in high quality and clean spirits with all natural ingredients. Our spirts are made for savoring responsibility with friends and family while enjoying the amazing beach sunsets on the Emerald Coast. For more information, visit http://www.30adistillingco.com or 30A Distilling Co tasting room at 605 North County Highway 393, Building 15-B, Santa Rosa Beach, FL 32459. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510402/30a-distilling-co-launches-worlds-first-rosa-american-agave-spirit)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cdezun/30a_distilling_co_launches_unique_rosa_agave/