# Craig, Kelley & Faultless Partner, Alexander R. Craig to Speak at 36th Annual Indiana Trial Lawyers Association Lifetime Achievement Seminar

INDIANAPOLIS, IN, April 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Craig, Kelley & Faultless, a nationally recognized personal injury law firm, is proud to announce that Partner Alexander R. Craig has been invited to speak at the 36th Annual Indiana Trial Lawyers Association (ITLA) Lifetime Achievement Seminar on May 1st and 2nd, 2024. Alex will be speaking on Using Focus Groups on the Front-End. At the 35th Annual ITLA Lifetime Achievement Seminar, Alex was presented with the prestigious Max Goodwin Young Lawyer of the Year award.   Alex is a litigator working out of the firm's Indianapolis, Indiana office. He grew up in Lawrence, Indiana and graduated from Lawrence North High School in 2005 before attending Indiana University and graduating with a degree from the Kelley School of Business. Alex then pursued a Master of Business Administration from Saint Louis University's John Cook School of Business. After receiving his MBA, he enrolled at Indiana University's Robert H. McKinney School of Law and graduated Magna Cum Laude in 2013.   Alex has been chosen every year as a Top 40 Under 40 by the National Trial Lawyers since 2015. He has also been recognized as a Super Lawyers Rising Star Honoree since 2021. He is a member of the Indiana Trial Lawyers Association and has been selected by his peers for inclusion in the 30th Edition of The Best Lawyers in America® 2024 in the practice area of: Personal Injury Litigation – Plaintiffs.   Alex has successfully handled several jury trials. Alex focuses his legal practice on representing people who have been injured by others' negligence or disregard for safety. He handles commercial motor vehicle cases, serious injury cases, wrongful death, and other types of personal injury accidents. He has handled pro-bono civil rights cases and participates in many community service events sponsored by the firm. He is an excellent attorney with trial experience and is a critical member and an invaluable asset of the team at Craig, Kelley & Faultless.  About Craig, Kelley & Faultless  Craig, Kelley & Faultless is headquartered in Indianapolis and they have several offices in Indiana and an office in St. Louis, Missouri. They handle cases throughout the country and have attorneys licensed in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, and Ohio. The firm handles cases involving semi-trucks, wrongful death, and other catastrophic injury cases throughout the United States. Their team of experienced attorneys will aggressively pursue those who injure, kill, and endanger all of us by disregarding basic safety rules. They are dedicated to making a positive difference in the lives of their clients and the people in the communities in which they practice.   Craig, Kelley & Faultless can be contacted at 1-800-746-0226 and additional information can be found at www.ckflaw.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ckflaw, or on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/craig-kelley-&-faultless-attorneys-at-law. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510406/craig-kelley-faultless-partner-alexander-r-craig-to-speak-at-36th-annual-indiana-trial-lawyers-association-lifetime-achievement-seminar)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cdezt5/craig_kelley_faultless_partner_invited_to_speak/