# NewAge Industries Announces the Grand Opening of New Coevorden, Netherlands Hub

SOUTHAMPTON, PA, April 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- NewAge Industries, Inc. (the "Company" or "NewAge"), a leading designer and manufacturer of fluid transfer systems solutions for the high-purity and industrial markets, which include the AdvantaPure® brand portfolio of products, is proud to announce the grand opening of their European hub in Coevorden, Netherlands.  The approximately 93,000 SF facility will serve as the manufacturing hub of the Company's silicone and TPE tubing for the single-use pharmaceutical industry product line, supporting clients in Europe, Asia, India and the Middle East. Currently fully operational, the facility presents scaled-up capacity to support projects of all sizes in these regions and will add an additional layer of business continuity ensuring seamless order fulfillment.  Supporting the production of the company's AdvantaPure® line of silicone and thermoplastic elastomer tubing (TPE), clients will be provided value added benefits in the form of decreased delivery times, enhanced capability for clients to be more present at all stages of the manufacturing process, increased opportunity for technical collaboration and more.  To mark the occasion, a day of festivities, facility tours and more is planned on May 22, 2024. Media is invited to attend and can secure their reservations at https://shorturl.at/ejpHY.  Mary Marcus, Interim Chief Executive Officer of NewAge Industries shares, "We are excited to expand into the European market in a greater way, lending our over 70-years of experience to the biopharma, pharmaceutical and other markets in the region. Our new state-of-the-art, sustainable facility will offer our customers a bevy of benefits."  About NewAge Industries  In business since 1954, NewAge Industries designs, manufactures, and distributes fluid transfer systems solutions, of a variety of materials, including silicone, TPE, rubber and more, in reinforced and unreinforced styles for the high purity pharmaceutical and biopharma markets, industrial and other various markets.  The Company maintains a large inventory and leverages their vast, global distributor network to support a variety of unique applications worldwide.  As an ISO-9001 certified, B-CORP, ESOP, EcoVadis Silver rated corporation, NewAge Industries administers the activities of their AdvantaPure, AdvantaFlex®, AdvantaSil®, and BioClosure® container closure systems, and other lines from their Corporate Headquarters in Southampton, PA U.S, Warminster, PA U.S., and Coevorden, Netherlands locations.  For additional information or questions please contact:  Michael Ginnetti Chief Financial Officer 215-526-2300 800-506-3924 (Toll-Free U.S. Only) 145 James Way, Southampton, PA 18966 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510397/newage-industries-announces-the-grand-opening-of-new-coevorden-netherlands-hub)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cdf042/newage_industries_inc_announces_grand_opening_of/