# Shincheonji Church's Chairman Testifies What He Saw and Heard of the Revelation During Assembly in the Philippines

HOUSTON, TX, April 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On April 20th, Shincheonji Church's Chairman Man-hee Lee visited the Philippines for the 12th time since 2013 in order to deliver a message recounting the fulfillment of the events of the Book of Revelation in the Bible. This stop in the Philippines is the first step of the "2024 Continental Shincheonji Word Crusade". This journey begins in Asia and will continue through Europe, Africa, America, and Oceania throughout the year, finishing back in Asia. This circuit has been organized as a response to the earnest requests of many pastors and believers around the world to see and hear the testimony of Chairman Lee.  The 4,000-person Philippines Internal Convention Center was completely filled with guests who listened to the story of Chairman Lee's introduction to faith and the journey to the creation of Shincheonji Church of Jesus, the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony.   Chairman Lee was born in 1931 in Cheongdo in the North Gyeongsang Province of South Korea. He served in the Korean army as a combat soldier where, through tragedy and hunger, he began praying to God every evening. Under the guidance of God who appeared to him, Lee made a promise to God to enter onto a path of faith. He soon began attending church in Gwacheon, but left shortly after due to corruption and returned to his hometown. Soon after, Lee encountered a spirit from heaven and returned to his life of faith, receiving from the spirit understanding of the events of the fulfillment of the Book of Revelation. He began then gathering believers to give worship services together on a remote mountain. As others heard the words testified by Lee, believers began flocking to what is now Shincheonji Church of Jesus.  During Chairman Lee's message in the Philippines, he began explaining the events of Revelation. "The events of Revelation 1 to 22 were shown by Jesus to one person, and this one person will tell all of the events up to chapter 22 according to what he saw and what he heard." Citing Scripture in Revelation 22:16 and :8, the Chairman re-iterated that "what Jesus prophesied has been fulfilled today, and when it is fulfilled, it is not the Lord Jesus who testifies. To those who have seen, Jesus told them to testify to the churches." He added "There is a time to prophesy, and there is a time to fulfill prophesy. When it is fulfilled, you should see and believe, and that is why He prophesied in advance."  Chairman Lee expressed the state of the world, stating "the world is in a deep sleep and does not know whether the book of Revelation of God will be fulfilled or not". He also talked about some of the specific events in Revelation, including the beast with 7 heads and 10 horns and the 7 stars. The Chairman explained, "when God records the appearance of such people, it is so that they can see, hear, and believe when they are revealed today."  During the sermon, there was emphasis also on Revelation 22:18-19, which warns that if we add or subtract from the book of Revelation, we will not be able to enter the kingdom of heaven. Chairman Lee said that if we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life, we must find out the reality of the prophecies of the Bible.   Chairman Lee also worked to re-align listeners to the truth of the Bible today. "Faith is not for making money," he said. "This is not the time to have faith in the spirit of the old days… You have to check and believe it or don't believe it."  Many times, Chairman Lee stated that believes must engrave the Word of God on their hearts and become "walking Bibles", and that those who are sealed with the Word of God will be the ones who are saved in Revelation 7. He said, "There is no voice of salvation except the 144,000 people who are sealed and the great multitude in white… Those who are sealed can live in heaven, eternal life, and family with God, but those who are not sealed have nothing to do with God."  Chairman Lee expressed his love for the country he was preaching in. "I have a deep connection with the Philippines… The Philippines was the first place where I came to witness after receiving the Word. I rejoiced in my heart, as if it were my country or my family. I have a lot of affection for the Philippines."  In fact, the Philippines also has had a relationship with Chairman Lee for more than a decade. As a representative of Heavenly Culture, World Peace, and Restoration of Light (HWPL), a private international organization apart from his faith, Chairman Lee visited the Philippines and mediated the first civilian peace agreement in Mindanao. The area of Mindanao had been in conflict for more than 40 years; the peace that was established by Chairman Lee attracted worldwide attention.  During the COVID-19 pandemic, Shincheonji Church held an online Sacred Assembly of the Word to reach different countries even when the physical borders were closed. During this time, Shincheonji Church received a flood of requests from other denominations for doctrine exchange. The church signed over 440 MOUs (Memorandum of Understanding) with churches in Korea, and almost 10,000 churches in 77 countries overseas. Nearly 1,400 churches also changed their signboards to Shincheonji Church after they exchanged doctrines with Shincheonji.  The "2024 Continental Shincheonji Word Crusade" will be broadcast live on YouTube in multiple languages so that anyone in the world can watch it.  Related Link: https://zionchristianseminary.org 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510419/shincheonji-churchs-chairman-testifies-what-he-saw-and-heard-of-the-revelation-during-assembly-in-the-philippines)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1cdezyg/shincheonji_church_chairman_lee_begins_2024/