# FORMER USG EXPORT CONTROL VETERANS CREATE NEW INTERNATIONAL ADVISORY AND PUBLIC BENEFIT COMPANY

WASHINGTON, DC, October 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Export Controls and Sanctions Advisors LLC ("ECS Advisors"), https://ecsadvisors.com/, a prominent international export controls and sanctions consulting firm, is proud to announce the celebration of its first anniversary. Since its inception in 2023, ECS Advisors has quickly become the preeminent private consulting practice in the world solely dedicated to assisting domestic and foreign based companies in remaining or becoming compliant with international export controls and sanctions.   ECS Advisors, a niche global market boutique firm, was founded by Stephen A. Wilcox and Thomas W. Andrukonis, former officials of the U.S. Government ("USG"), who served in the Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS"), U.S. Department of Commerce. As career professionals dedicating their lives to protecting international security, Stephen and Tom recognized that industry's compliance with export controls and sanctions had remained reactionary and a check in the box exercise, absent clarity of the reasons why export controls and sanctions exist.   While the government promotes a risk-based approach to compliance, the definition of the concept of "risk-based" is not specifically defined. ECS Advisors' mission was developed to be able to impart experienced practical risk-based methods, while providing an efficient, proactive, and holistic approach that includes the concepts of legal-based, risk-based, and threat-based compliance.   Since its inception, ECS Advisors attracted and retained a growing number of globally located former in-house compliance professionals, lawyers, experienced consultants, regulatory and enforcement officials, and senior diplomats who represented the U.S. government to members of the Wassenaar Arrangement, with experience working in more than 130 countries throughout the world.   To further its commitment to industry and international security, ECS Advisors created ECSA Group, LLC, a Delaware Public Benefit corporation. Through ECSA Group https://ecsagroup.global, ECS Advisors has served as the backbone of the International Sanctions and Export Control Society ("ISECS"), https://internationalsanctionssociety.org/, a first of its kind effort to unite people from the four corners of the world. ISECS stakeholders are located on every continent and collaborate internationally to protect international security through promoting compliance with export controls and sanctions.  As the world of compliance with export controls and sanctions continues to evolve, ECS Advisors plans to continue to expand internationally and provide industry with practical, holistic, and experienced support.   For media inquiries or further information, please contact:  Marketing Department +1(267) 962-2583 Marketing@ecsadvisors.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515158/former-usg-export-control-veterans-create-new-international-advisory-and-public-benefit-company)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1g422h1/ecs_advisors_celebrates_first_anniversary_as/