# Healthcare Workers and Disease Sufferers are Schooled in the Science of Jesus' Miraculous Healing Power in a New Physics Report by Celebrity Doctor Leonard Horowitz

LAS VEGAS, NV, October 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Healthcare workers and disease sufferers are schooled in the science of Jesus' miraculous healing power in a new physics article by Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz, explaining the "bio-spiritual dynamics" of therapeutic touch, and how faithful loving intention conveys the restorative energy in a special "LOVE 528 Frequency."  At a time when the world needs more love, peace, and healing, the internationally renowned energy medicine pioneer, Dr. Horowitz, explains how and why the "528 Frequency" of sound and light is fundamental to the natural healing arts and sciences, and how electromagnetic, bio-acoustic, and "epigenetic resonance" underlies healthcare's miracles.  Published following peer review in Acta Scientific Physics Journal, experts from Russia affirmed the American doctor's scientific analysis explaining why independent researchers and clinicians worldwide are finding the "528 frequency" of music and green light remarkably therapeutic. Aside from demystifying the physics underlying genetically-regulated healing, Dr. Horowitz addresses the religious world that attributes miraculous healing to the "Holy Spirit."  Encouraging a practical revival of faith in God as modeled by Jesus' miraculous healing power, Dr. Horowitz concludes the long sought super-human "key of the house of David" heralded in Bible stories must be the "528 frequency." This not only explains King David's "soul-soothing" healing harp, but also the importance of oxygen for life.  528 Frequency Healing  528nm of green light radiates at the heart of sunshine. It is broadcast by chlorophyll in plants and algae producing oxygen. This is the "breath of life," essential to yoga practitioners, "breatharians," and religious persons alike who believe the Holy Spirit delivers peace and healing.  During these critical "End Times" characterized by wars, plagues, and climate change, Dr. Horowitz contends this information is not only important for saving the world from despair (Isaiah 22:22 and Rev. 3: 6-8), but also for reinforcing the great hope for medical advancements supplemented by prayer as practiced by people of all faiths and religions.  What the religious world calls "spirituality," Dr. Horowitz explains is based on energy that follows the laws of physics. For instance, "heart energy" radiates from loving intention and faithful prayer. The "Holy Spirit" in Western religions, believed to administer miraculous healings, is similarly endowed; akin to the "Chi" energy or the "Life Force" in Eastern theologies that performs miraculously.  Healing Power in Practice  Practically-applied, the doctor's scientific review and analysis demystifies how and why healthcare workers, especially nurses and physical therapists, are achieving healing miracles using affectionate massage, loving touch, and prayer. His physics paper explains the benefits of applying this intelligence in prayerful "hands on" healing practices.  "'Healing energy' is erroneously considered 'supernatural,' Dr. Horowitz objects. "It is actually completely natural. This scientific intelligence, or 'higher consciousness,' contrasts sharply with naysayers' disabling and damaging dogmas."  The doctor explains and details in his extensive scientific review how and why "'therapeutic touch' involves multidisciplinary science that intertwines spirituality, biology, and medicine.  "This clinical practice," he says, "leverages biophysics, water resonance, frequency coherence, epigenetics, and the little known influence of 'musical-mathematics' on creation."  "Math is God's language," Dr. Horowitz reports. "Physics derives from math that forms the 'matrix' of 'universal design.' This math is expressed throughout nature and human bodies."  In this scientific medical context, reliance on therapeutic touch by health professionals, disease sufferers, and their loved ones, can produce miraculous healings.  About the Author  Dr. Horowitz received his doctorate from Tufts University and then trained at Harvard in public health. He currently serves as the Editor-in-Chief of Medical Veritas International, Inc.' As an award-winning electroceuticals pioneer and author of more than two dozen books and documentary films, his Amazon/Kindle best-sellers include "Healing Codes for the Biological Apocalypse," and his latest book that addresses little-known risks of artificial intelligence (AI) and robotics titled, "Spiritual Warfare, Salvation & Survival in the Age of Chaos."  Medical Veritas International, Inc. is a 501(c) non-profit company devoted to educating the public concerning myriad risks and remedial strategies. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515234/healthcare-workers-and-disease-sufferers-are-schooled-in-the-science-of-jesus-miraculous-healing-power-in-a-new-physics-report-by-celebrity-doctor-leonard-horowitz)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AlternativeHealthNews/comments/1g422ii/renowned_scientist_reveals_the_miraculous_healing/