# Author Jen Cole Introduces the First Three Books of Her New Children's Book Series, "Rooster and Squid"

MAGNOLIA, TX, June 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Author Jen Cole grew up in Kingwood, Texas, where she developed an early love for sports and animals. She attended Texas A&M College of Veterinary Medicine, cementing her dedication to caring for animals. She and her husband, Wil, currently reside in The Woodlands, Texas, have three children, and have practiced small animal medicine for over 25 years in Spring, Texas.   After retiring from her veterinary practice, Jen decided to tap into her creative side and combine her love of writing with her love of caring for animals. She believes any parent or child who enjoys a good wholesome adventure or mystery will enjoy her new book series-- and they will also learn a great deal about caring for the pets that are a part of their family.  Jen's new series revolves around the unlikely duo of Rooster, a handsome Golden Retriever who loves belly rubs and bacon, and Squid, a mangy grey cat who loves big naps and butt scratches. Even though their early days were spent scrounging for food and seeking shelter, they knew they were meant for more. As luck would have it, they were rescued by the town veterinarian and welcomed into the best family ever.  God gave us each a story to tell. By being brave enough to tell ours, we help to shape future generations. Jen hopes that kids can see themselves and relate to some of the colorful characters she has created, while also passing on her knowledge of animals to this younger generation.  As a valuable asset that has already received glowing reviews from families across the US, Jen's new book series will bring a smile to your favorite child or animal lover. "Rooster and Squid" is written for those who understand the joy of family pets, and appreciate the excitement of an adventurous children's series.   Learn more about Jen Cole and her "Rooster and Squid" books at www.roosterandsquid.com  ABOUT LUCID BOOKS Lucid Books is an independent, hybrid publisher in the Houston area. As a partnership publisher, Lucid Books offers the connections and expertise of a traditional publisher with the author involvement of a self-publisher. We exist to help authors inspire, inform, and enrich the lives of their readers. For more information on Lucid Books, visit lucidbooks.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512075/author-jen-cole-introduces-the-first-three-books-of-her-new-childrens-book-series-rooster-and-squid) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 