# Local Businesses Honored for Economic Development Milestones in Carlsbad, New Mexico

CARLSBAD, NM, June 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The business community came together in Carlsbad, New Mexico to celebrate local business and industry at the Carlsbad Department of Development's (CDOD) Annual Banquet. The theme of this year's event was 'We Treasure Our Members.' Among the milestones acknowledged included 25 years of shipments to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) and 100 years of oil and gas in Eddy County.  CDOD also announced their new Executive Board Officers for the coming year:  President - Beverly Allen Vice President - Susan Crockett Secretary/Treasurer - Ashley Switzer Past President - Ericka Laney Member-at-Large – Valerie Murrill  Each officer position will serve a one-year term, presiding over the organization's fiscal year. All officers are elected from the board of directors in accordance with the CDOD's bylaws. City of Carlsbad Councilor Eddie Rodriguez and Eddy County Commissioner Ernie Carlson are also the designated City and County representatives on the CDOD Executive Board.   Several businesses were recognized at the Banquet for their achievements and contributions:  Corporate Impact– Planet Fitness Community Diversification– HTeaO Neighborhood Development– NM3TS Corporate Investment– Hyatt House  Quality of Life– Milton's Brewery Community Entrepreneur– ATC Shooting Sports LLC Community Impact– Pearl of the Pecos  The New Mexico Oil and Gas Association (NMOGA) was honored with an award celebrating 100 years of the oil and gas industry in Eddy County. This industry is crucial not only to the local economy but also to the state's financial health, contributing nearly one-third of New Mexico's budget.  "We are excited to see so many things happening in Carlsbad and Eddy County," said CDOD President Beverly Allen. "All of these achievements being recognized truly shows how much growth and success businesses across multiple industries are having here."  WIPP was recognized this year for 25 years of shipments to its site, marking a significant milestone in Carlsbad's industrial history. Since its opening on March 26, 1999, WIPP has safely transported TRU waste over 16.5 million loaded miles—equivalent to approximately 34 round trips to the moon—resulting in the safe disposal of over 285,000 waste containers in its underground repository.  Sandia National Laboratories was honored with the Legacy of Dedication award for its long-standing collaboration with the WIPP project, a partnership that began well before WIPP received its first shipment.  "For many years, I had the honor of leading Sandia's work on WIPP and managed the Sandia office here in Carlsbad," said Paul Shoemaker during his presentation. "I argued then that Sandia's support for WIPP was the longest running single project in the history of the laboratory. So, it is also an honor for me, as a former President of the Board for CDOD, and as a retired Sandian, to present tonight's 'Legacy of Dedication' to Sandia National Laboratories."  Pearl of the Pecos was honored for becoming a State Authorized Arts and Cultural District earlier this year by the New Mexico Economic Development Department (NMEDD). Kat Davis, current Pearl of the Pecos Executive Director was joined by previous executive director Karla Niemeier to receive the award from acting NMEDD Cabinet Secretary Mark Roper.  "Congratulations to Carlsbad's Pearl of the Pecos on becoming a State-Authorized Arts & Cultural District," said Secretary Roper. "This official status represents their dedication to supporting creative and cultural entrepreneurs and growing the local economy."  New CDOD Executive Director Kristen Gamboa noted, ""With over 240 attendees, I am deeply inspired by Carlsbad's commitment to entrepreneurship, local businesses, and major economic industries. Carlsbad is a formidable force, and alongside my team and this amazing Board of Directors, the CDOD will drive growth and development to new heights, ensuring a prosperous future for our community."  The Carlsbad Department of Development (CDOD) is the economic development agency for the City of Carlsbad and Eddy County, New Mexico. CDOD provides confidential assistance to businesses considering the area for expansion and new investment, as well as providing retention and expansion assistance to existing industry. For more information, visit DEVELOPCARLSBAD.ORG 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512069/local-businesses-honored-for-economic-development-milestones-in-carlsbad-new-mexico)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1dplah0/carlsbad_department_of_developments_annual/