# Opus VO Enhances Business Credibility with Dedicated Business Address and Phone Services

BOCA RATON, FL, June 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Opus Virtual Offices, a national leader in virtual office services, is proud to announce initiatives aimed at supporting the foundational needs of small businesses. Opus VO recognizes the critical importance of a dedicated business phone number and a professional business address, two things businesses need to prosper. Without the two, you risk missing an important call, losing your mail, or having it stolen by unscrupulous entities. "A business address and phone number are more than just contact details; they are the pillars of your professional identity." said CEO Yori Galel. "Having a business address without a business phone number is like wearing a shirt without pants."  Opus VO's professional mail receipt and package handling service guarantees your mail and packages are in safe hands. Like a flawless shirt and pants combo, having a professional business address and phone number makes a great first impression. Opus VO also provides professional US-based receptionists Opus VO also has prestigious meeting rooms across the country, simplifying face-to-face meetings.  Opus Virtual Offices has become the fastest-growing company in the alternative workspace industry with more than 650 locations in all 50 U.S. states and Canada. Their successful business model is built on providing complete office services for a single, low monthly rate of $99. Complete features of an Opus Virtual Office include a live receptionist answering and transferring calls, a prestigious corporate mailing address, business phone, fax, and voicemail.  Opus Virtual Offices also offers professional state-of-the-art conference rooms available for a flat hourly rental rate. Unlike many other virtual office providers, there is no fine print with hidden charges or service limitations. Leave the costs associated with a traditional office lease behind and concentrate on running your business. With Opus VO, you have all the benefits of a traditional office lease without having to worry about excessive amounts of overhead expenses. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512054/opus-vo-enhances-business-credibility-with-dedicated-business-address-and-phone-services)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/StartupBusinessNews/comments/1dpla5j/opus_virtual_offices_launches_initiatives_to/