# Veris wins three WealthBriefing Wealth For Good awards

PORTSMOUTH, NH, June 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Veris Wealth Partners, a financial advisory firm that applies sustainable and impact investing expertise across public and private markets, is the recipient of three Americas-region awards in the 2024 WealthBriefing Wealth for Good Awards:  •	CEO Pursuing Leadership in Wealth Management, honoring Veris' CEO Stephanie Cohn Rupp. •	Thought Leadership, honoring Veris' contributions on themes ranging from racial equity and gender-lens investing to the climate crisis. •	Internal Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion Program, recognizing Veris' work to diversify its own team while moving forward the industry conversation—including a report diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging together with a framework for selecting third-party investment managers.   "While I'm honored to be recognized by WealthBriefing, all credit goes to our incredible team for helping advance vital conversations in the investment industry," said Cohn Rupp. "Looking back over the past year, I'm especially proud of our team's work in the areas of racial equity investing and DEIB asset manager selection factors. Of course, none of this would be possible without clients who want to align their investments with opportunities to make positive impacts."  The WealthBriefing Wealth For Good Awards highlight organizations and individuals in the wealth management industry with a commitment to impact, diversity and inclusion and ESG. The judging process is conducted by professionals in the wealth management and banking sectors. There is no fee to be considered for these awards. For more information on the methodology and judging process, visit the WealthBriefing website.  This is the second year in a row Veris was recognized in multiple categories. Last year, Veris won Best Diversity and Inclusion Programme (Americas), Best ESG Communication Strategy (Americas), and Outstanding Individual Contribution in Wealth For Good (Americas).  About Veris Wealth Partners  Veris is a financial advisory firm that applies sustainable and impact investing expertise across public and private markets to help foundations and families meet their financial and impact goals. Since 2007, Veris has been helping families and foundations align their investments with their mission and vision for the future. Learn more at veriswp.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512062/veris-wins-three-wealthbriefing-wealth-for-good-awards)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1dpla2f/veris_wealth_partners_receives_three_awards_in/