# New Cookbook Resurfaces Ancient Assyrian Recipes Handed Down Through Generations

MIAMI, FL, August 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Oldest Kitchen in the World: 4,000 Years of Middle Eastern Cooking Passed Down Through Generations debuts in English markets September 24, 2024. A blend of historical insight and culinary tradition, the cookbook traces the world's oldest recorded cuneiform recipes, dating back 4,000 years, to the kitchen of Smuni Turan, whose son, Matay de Mayee, has lovingly compiled.   "She is essentially the author of this cookbook," writes de Mayee, "however, there's one small problem—my mother grew up in a place and time when girls didn't learn to read or write. Therefore, I am writing it on her behalf."   Inside, de Mayee explores the history, traditions, celebrations, language, and customs of the Suryoye, also called Assyrians or Arameans, who, though scattered all over the world, continue to speak dialects of Aramaic and honor the recipes that have shaped Middle Eastern cuisine.   Presented in their original Aramaic names, dishes—from classics and soups to proteins, vegetables, and sweets—include some of the oldest recipes ever recorded, such as labiniyeh, and beloved classics, like baklava. Throughout, de Mayee and his mother share time-honored cooking secrets, versatile uses for often-overlooked ingredients, and seemingly forgotten traditions.   Hailed as "a rare and fascinating insight into an ancient and delicious cuisine…with time-honored recipes from the heart of a home," by Nigel Slater, The Oldest Kitchen in the World makes an essential addition to any cookbook collection both history buffs and food enthusiasts will enjoy.   Published for English markets by Tra Publishing and distributed worldwide through Simon & Schuster, the book will be available at major bookstores, online retailers, and through Tra Publishing's official website.  ABOUT MATAY DE MAYEE Matay de Mayee was born in Hengelo as the child of one of the first Suryoye established in the Netherlands. In 2020, he opened De Stijlkamer Amsterdam, a high-end B&B in a historic canal house, which he also uses for culinary events or as a photo and film location. With The Oldest Kitchen in the World he makes his debut as a cookbook author.  ABOUT TRA PUBLISHING Tra Publishing creates beautifully crafted books that inspire social, cultural, and environmental awareness. Particular emphasis is placed on the physical components of the bookmaking process, resulting in books that are both works of art and modes of expression. Tra's books are distributed worldwide through Simon & Schuster. For more information visit www.trapublishing.com. Follow Tra on Instagram @trapublishing.  For media inquiries, please contact: Jessica Faroy 305-209-7286 jfaroy@trapublishing.com www.trapublishing.com  Note to editors: PDF, high-resolution images, and author interviews are available upon request. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513700/new-cookbook-resurfaces-ancient-assyrian-recipes-handed-down-through-generations)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ez6gug/ancient_middle_eastern_cookbook_set_to_debut_in/