# Robert P. Cotton, has been recognized as one of America's Most Influential Businessmen, by the International Association of Who's Who

SAN FRANCISCO, CA, August 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Robert P. Cotton is an elevator and escalator expert, consultant, and an expert witness for litigation involving elevator/escalator failures and/or accidents. With over 40 years' experience, Mr. Cotton also owns his own elevator company in the San Francisco area.  Mr. Cotton is considered an expert in elevators and escalators, having done more than 1000 inspections nationally. His consulting mainly focuses on injuries and/or damage from faulty equipment, floods or fires. He provides a forensic focus on electrical or mechanical failures. His failure analysis covers incidents involving accidents, inspections, maintenance, specification drafting and enforcement, construction compliance and code issues. Mr. Cotton has been called to testify more than 80 times to review evidence for the plaintiff's or the defendant's side.  Mr. Cotton advocates to building owners about technology advancements and renovating equipment. Although costly, it aids the longevity of equipment and avoids future equipment failures. There are safety features available today that were not available even a few years ago that can prevent serious injury if a failure should occur. If you comply with safety codes and laws, have routine inspections and properly maintain your equipment, elevators and escalators are not something to be feared nowadays.  In 1995, while renovating elevators in a San Francisco hotel, the main switch in the elevator machine room by the roof of the building had a sudden electrical short and caused an arc-flash that burned Mr. Cotton. He sustained 2nd and 3rd degree burns on 43% of his body, above the waist, requiring skin grafting. This injury became an inspiration to Mr. Cotton to live life to the fullest. Shortly after, he became affiliated with the Alicia Ann Ruch Burn Foundation, who coined the phrase "STOP, DROP AND ROLL". They offer a week-long summer camp known as "Champ-Camp", for children of burn injuries. Mr. Cotton started volunteering as a Champ-Camp counselor and did that for 17 years. Mr. Cotton said that it's been one of the most rewarding things he's ever been involved in. Mr. Cotton has been an avid cyclist, snowboarder and rock climber.  Mr. Cotton continues to spread awareness about safety codes, routine maintenance and proper inspections so elevators and escalators are not something that are feared, rather are reassured of their safety and reliability. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513665/robert-p-cotton-has-been-recognized-as-one-of-americas-most-influential-businessmen-by-the-international-association-of-whos-who)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ez6gr4/elevator_and_escalator_expert_robert_p_cotton/