# 3 Tips To Successfully Scale Your Business Internationally - New Forbes Article By Top Motivational Speaker And Bestselling Author Rocky Romanella

WILMINGTON, NC, April 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Expanding a business internationally offers a major opportunity for growth in today's hyper-connected business environment. We now do business in an international marketplace. This marketplace, while offering substantial opportunity, requires a new way of thinking, organizing and planning. In a recent Forbes article posted on his website, top motivational speaker Rocky Romanella, author of the bestselling business leadership book, 'Tighten The Lug Nuts: The Principles Of Balanced Leadership', offered some cutting-edge insight into how to navigate this global landscape. In that article, titled '3 Tips To Successfully Scale Your Business Internationally', he wrote in part:  Scaling your business internationally is a valuable opportunity for growth. Because of e-commerce, the web is international, and the world has become smaller for businesses. People rarely expect to visit a website and see a product or service that is only available domestically. Businesses should be able to successfully scale and meet the demands of international customers.  Scaling a business internationally can be a challenge. One of the biggest mistakes leaders make is forgetting to acknowledge they are a guest in another country. Leaders should start preparations months before your international expansion journey. Here are three tips to help:  1. Be clear about how long you're staying.  This is extremely important because governments and entities are trying to gauge your commitment as an organization. Are you just there temporarily because you have a hot new product or business model right now? Are you there because you want to establish operations in this country? It's best to be upfront and clear about how long you plan to stay and what level of commitment your company is looking for.  2. Be prepared to explain who you are and what you do.  You cannot just show up and expect to succeed. Even if you're a household name in your own country, that doesn't mean people elsewhere know who you are. And you cannot assume they do. You must explain who you are and what you do to your new customer base. A thorough, articulated strategy describing who you are and what your product does is important to give you credibility. Include an understanding of how this product, business, or solution fits into a long-term strategy. Help people understand their potential roles and the new experiences they can participate in.  3. Understand, accept, and respect their culture.  This can be the biggest obstacle. Your organization may have great processes and procedures in your own country, but these do not always translate into the current rules and regulations of the country in which you are expanding. Labor rules do not always get the due diligence that is necessary for an international expansion. There are work councils in different countries that guide how you exercise your personal time for example. There could be more religious holidays celebrated than you are used to. In many countries, decision-making is more collaborative.  The full text of the article is available at Romanella's website at https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2024/03/29/3-tips-to-successfully-scale-your-business-internationally/?hss_channel=lcp-27064223&sh=7bec7f907b62.  Rocky offers a number of resources on his website that offer powerful ideas for leaders at any level - business managers, educators or small group leaders:  FORBES CONTRIBUTIONS:  Rocky is an official member of Forbes Business Council and a contributor on many different topics. A full list of his Forbes articles is available at https://www.3sixtymanagementservices.com/forbes-business-council/.  PODCAST:  Rocky hosts The Leadership Library Podcast, now in its 8h season. New shows are posted every Tuesday and Thursday morning at https://tightenthelugnuts.com/.  All of us are leaders in some way - parents, educators, athletes, special interest groups large and small, sales teams - the list is endless. Regardless of the role we play, Romanella's concepts, developed under the heading of Balanced Leadership, can be applied to improve effectiveness, efficiency, and results.  Morning coffee is one of the joys of life for many of us. When you add your Cup of Joe to your visit to the Leadership Library podcast, your morning coffee will add an educational, entertaining dose of leadership octane to your day. Past show topics include:  The Feeling Of Trust That Comes From Hope (over 7.5 K views) Soft Skills For Great Results (over 3.1K views) Balanced Leadership Goal Setting Integrity Leaving a Legacy Personal Values Performance of a Successful Team Strategic Vision Operational Excellence Strategic Process Are You A Job Skill Developer Leadership Roles and Responsibilities SWOT Analysis Training and Development  with many more topics available and more on the upcoming schedule.  The podcast is now available at https://tightenthelugnuts.com or visit https://www.buzzsprout.com/1484407. The podcast is also available at Apple Podcasts. More on leadership, building a legacy and many other topics are also available at Romanella's website at https://3SixtyManagementServices.com.  BOOK:  Rocky's book about leadership, Tighten The Lug Nuts: The Principles Of Balanced Leadership recently achieved number 1 bestseller status in both Business Management and Business Leadership.  In 'Tighten the Lug Nuts', Romanella uses his forty-plus years of experience at UPS, and his CEO and Director roles, to explore the ways a true leader can lead any organization and its people to new levels of success.  If you read only one business book this year, this is the book you should read.  Rocky's approach to leadership is unique and highly effective. He believes that great leaders challenge their people not to stop at the first right answer. 'Tighten The Lug Nuts' is a book about leadership that help readers move past that first right answer. It is full of detailed examples that are organized in an educational and entertaining way to form a framework of real-world concepts. The deceptively simple concepts, with powerful "How To Messages" can be utilized by anyone who holds a leadership position - even parents, educators, and others. Whether you are a seasoned professional or a first-time manager, Tighten The Lug Nut is not only motivational, but also a call to action for those who have yet to make a mark in their field.  The book can also help position an organization for hyper growth coming out of the pandemic, Key concepts detailed in the book will prepare leaders and their teams to hit the ground running as they rapidly refocus and rebuild. Tighten The Lug Nuts is loaded from cover to cover with practical information that can help leaders become more effective, more productive, and more successful. It is not just another "book about leadership."  Tighten The Lug Nuts is available at online book retailers. More information is available at his website at https://3sixtymanagementservices.com and at https://tightenthelugnuts.com.  Rocky Romanella has built an entire library of cutting-edge resources, available at his website, to help position ourselves to come out of the pandemic stronger, leaner, faster and to get a jump-start on the Rapid Rebuild process. Those resources include:  LIVE AND VIRTUAL KEYNOTES AND TRAINING - SUPPORT FOR WEEKLY MEETINGS AND CALLS  Rocky has been doing virtual conferences and training sessions with a keen eye on POST COVID and the Rapid Rebuild of our businesses. He can build a program, live or virtual, for any organization. Topics can include any or all of the 23 Leadership Competencies, concepts from the book, Tighten The Lug Nuts: The Principles Of Balanced Leadership, or any topic that might be appropriate.  THE LIST - 23 LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES  Every item on the list will play a vital role during the Rapid Rebuild of our economy, our businesses and our lives. Any or all of them will be appropriate for virtual meetings, talks or presentations.  PODCASTS LIBRARY  Over 108 podcasts that take a deep dive into Leadership topics. These can be searched by topic, show name or Leadership Competency.  VIDEO LIBRARY  The video library includes training videos, Balanced Leadership videos, Keynote Speaking videos, Tighten The Lug Nuts videos, interviews videos, Coach's Corner videos and much more.  More on leadership skills, virtual keynotes, training sessions, virtual meetings and conferencing calls, training workshops, strategy sessions and general information on the relaunch of the economy is available at Romanella's website.  MEETING CALLS  As a special incentive for those who are ready for a Rapid Rebuild, Rocky will be offering meeting calls at no charge for those who purchase 20 or more copies of his 5-star rated book on leadership, 'Tighten The Lug Nuts'. Contact Rocky for details at rockyromanella@gmail.com, and or 610-322-0720 to schedule your session.  With over 4 decades of "boots on the ground" leadership experience, Rocky Romanella is one of the best keynote motivational speakers in the country and internationally. He has spoken in large and small venues all over the US including cities such as Atlanta, San Diego, Las Vegas, Phoenix, NYC, Dallas, Chicago, Miami, Houston, LA, Charlotte, and many others. Internationally, he has presented keynotes in Toronto, Mexico City, Milan, London, and Krakow. He is known for creating excitement through his energy, passion, and knowledge, while employing his talents and experience to motivate, inspire and entertain audiences, regardless of size.  Romanella has garnered praise for his ability to connect to a wide range of audiences with his storytelling ability and innate charisma. Richard Snowden, President of Raven House International said, "An engaging speaker and facilitator, Rocky leads business executives to break-through results through break-through thinking." Conrad Swanson, Sr. VP Agency Development of Arpin Van Lines Inc. stated, "Rocky inspired many to look inward and improve the way they operate their businesses and lead their team members."  A winner of the UPS Chairman's Award for Excellence, Romanella has created a legacy of motivating teams to achieve their best. He pulls in audiences with real life stories from an illustrious career spanning nearly 40 years at one of the most recognized and admired brands in the world. Rocky brings leadership expertise in supply chain, logistics and transportation, retail, sales and operational excellence strategy, telecommunications engineering/construction management and installation. Having led many company sales efforts, rapidly building brands, restructuring events, and developing a culture needed to integrate past acquisitions, he inspires audiences to create a unified company with one vision.  Rocky Romanella is available for keynote speaking engagements and media interviews. He can be contacted using the information below or by email at rockyromanella@gmail.com. Full information on 3SIXTY Management Services, more information on keynote speaking and 'Tighten The Lug Nuts' is available at the company website at https://3sixtymanagementservices.com.  About Rocky Romanella:  Rocky is the Founder and CEO of 3SIXTY Management Services, LLC, a management consulting firm specializing in Executive Speaking, Leadership Development and Consulting Services. He also serves on the board of Goodman Networks, a leading provider of end-to- end network infrastructure, field and professional services to the wireless telecommunications and satellite television industries.  Rocky is an experienced CEO who led one of the largest rebranding initiatives in franchising history – The UPS Store, revolutionizing the $9 billion retail shipping and business services market.  While leading The UPS Store, the network increased retail unit, same-store sales by 5.8%, outpacing the National Retail Federation results of 4.6% during a recession.  Rocky steered UPS's entry into the health care industry and created the mantra, "It's a patient, not a package.®"  He also led the integration of more than 20 acquisitions to improve financial performance, capabilities, and global network footprint.  Through his executive roles and leadership advisory services, Rocky delivers results by developing and implementing his Balanced Leadership Model across enterprise operations. This includes a laser focus on customer needs, employee empowerment and the demands of shareholders.  Rocky has the rare ability to see a clear vision of the changing business landscape, the passion to develop strategies, tactics, and metrics to drive desired results. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510045/3-tips-to-successfully-scale-your-business-internationally-new-forbes-article-by-top-motivational-speaker-and-bestselling-author-rocky-romanella) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 