# BOXT, THE PREMIUM DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER WINERY, LAUNCHES LIMITED EDITION OF ALL EIGHT PROFILES

AUSTIN, TX, March 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BOXT, the female-founded, direct-to-consumer winery launches its first-ever limited-edition, signed, small-vineyard press.   Over months of blending sessions, Founder & CEO, Sarah Puil, and the BOXT master winemaker, tasted, refined, iterated; taking the best aspects from each variety of grape and combining them to ultimately create the perfect aromatics, the perfect feel, the perfect taste for each limited-edition wine, bringing you an unparalleled BOXT experience.   Parallel to its mission to create exceptional and accessible wines, BOXT is committed to increasing the sustainability of the wine industry. An astounding 40% of the carbon produced in the wine industry is due to the use and movement of the single-use glass bottle.  And yet 90% of the wine produced in the world is crafted to be consumed within a year - rendering the glass bottle useless in the quality equation. BOXT is the never in glass solution for high quality by the glass wine.   Based on the European tradition of table wine, BOXT is reimagining the delivery of fine wine by eliminating the waste of single-use glass bottles on our mission to become America's favorite house wine, for homes, bars and restaurants. BOXT brings simplicity to wine-choice overload and ends the "to-open-or-not-to-open" debate. Wines remain fresh and taste great for over 30 days after the first pour. The new limited-edition wines join BOXT's collection of three whites, four reds and one rosé.   "We spent months perfecting these limited-edition wines, sourcing each grape from family-owned vineyards up and down California and Washington, fulfilling my vision of what I wanted to create: making wines that would honor the terroir – the sense of place – unique to each vineyard, each grape," said Sarah Puil, Founder & CEO of BOXT. "I couldn't be happier about how each of these exceptional wines turned out. We take what we do very seriously, crafting a fine wine experience that is also accessible. These limited-edition wines take the exacting methodology combined with the art and craft of winemaking a step further, creating an unrepeatable experience wine drinkers will fall in love with."  Everything about these special-press wines was meticulously crafted by hand. Vineyards were carefully chosen, grapes were handpicked and sorted and each BOXT is numbered and signed by Sarah Puil. 			  For more information on BOXT, its wines and its subscription service, or as an on-premise solution for your wines by the glass, please visit www.drinkboxt.com and follow BOXT on Instagram @drinkboxt.  BOXT is a female-founded, venture-backed, direct-to-consumer and direct-to-business winery and industry disrupter, crafting premium wines on a mission to revolutionize winemaking sustainability and the way wine lovers drink wine at home and in restaurants and bars. Inspired by the simplicity and deliciousness of house wines from around the world, the BOXT collection of profiles is crafted in Napa, CA and delivered directly to members in sleek, sustainable packaging, for a fine wine experience, simplified. BOXT's monthly membership-based subscription service includes shipping, a personal wine concierge, and the flexibility to pause or cancel at any time. To learn more, please visit www.drinkboxt.com.  Sustainability is at the core of what we do at BOXT. A tree is planted for every BOXT produced, our packaging is recyclable and reusable and one BOXT produces 84% less waste than glass bottles. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509263/boxt-the-premium-direct-to-consumer-winery-launches-limited-edition-of-all-eight-profiles) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 