# Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard Announces 2024 Scholarship

BOSTON, MA, March 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard intends to debut its Community Leader Scholarship ahead of the 2024/2025 academic year. This scholarship promises $2,500 in financial aid to a student with an exceptional history of leadership and service in their community.  The scholarship application process prompts students to ask themselves: what is the meaning of service? Students must answer this question in a 1 to 2-minute video, which the firm expects them to edit and upload to YouTube. Students may then send a link to the unlisted video to the firm alongside other application materials.  To qualify for this scholarship the students need to complete an application form, as found on the law firm's website and share the link to their scholarship video.   Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard will not accept Community Leader Scholarship applications submitted after the scholarship's deadline passes. Students have until October 15, 2024, to compile their videos and fill out the forms.   The firm encourages students to make the most of their 2-minute videos and wants to know more about how today's student leaders have overcome obstacles and grown from their leadership experience. Students should use the video format to highlight their greatest accomplishments and their positive impact on in-need communities.  Neither students nor their families may reach out to the scholarship selection committee for updates about a scholarship's progress after the scholarship deadline passes. Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard will announce its scholarship winner by blog post and press release within three months of the deadline's passing.  The team looks forward to helping an ambitious student leader pursue their academic goals ahead of this coming school year!  About Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard   The attorneys with Duddy, Goodwin & Pollard (DGP) believe that everyone should have access to high-quality legal representation in the wake of a devastating personal injury accident.   That's why the team offers accident survivors support in and out of civil court. DPG representatives work tirelessly to preserve victims' rights while advocating for their right to maximize accident compensation. East Coast residents can book a free case assessment with the team today to learn more about their right to representation.  An initial case evaluation with DGP comes free of charge. Contact the firm today to schedule an appointment and learn more about the civil process. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509309/duddy-goodwin-pollard-announces-2024-scholarship)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1bhkot3/duddy_goodwin_pollard_launches_community_leader/