# Puget Law Group Announces 2024 Scholarship

TACOMA, WA, March 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- As strong supporters of our military and first responders, Puget Law Group is opening its Military Family Background – "Life Opportunities & Hardships" Scholarship to applications from current and incoming college students before the 2024/2025 academic year. The scholarship provides $2,500 that the winner can apply to tuition, room, board, and additional expenses.   The firm wants scholarship applicants to think about the opportunities and hardships they faced while growing up in a military family and how these experiences shaped their lives. Applicants should consider how their background shaped their lives and the person they've become.   The firm encourages all applicants to bring an educated and passionate perspective to the videos they create about their backgrounds. Applicants may want to consider basing their videos on the advice they'd give their younger selves or the lessons learned from their family background in the military.   The Puget Law Group plans to assess applications based on their enthusiasm for the topic, their creativity, and the argumentative skills they display in their videos. The firm invites students from any field of study to apply for the scholarship, as long as they fit the scholarship's other requirements and have a family history in the military.   Students who choose to apply for the Military Family Background – "Life Opportunities & Hardships" Scholarship should ensure they meet the firm's application requirements. Applicants must show that they:  - Are in good academic standing - Are enrolled or admitted to an accredited college, university, or graduate school - Are a U.S. citizen or authorized to work or attend school in the country   Interested students and their families can review the terms and conditions of the scholarship on the Puget Law Group's website. The page provides additional information on the Military Family Background – "Life Opportunities & Hardships" Scholarship.   Puget Law Group anticipates reviewing the first round of applications in 2024 and sends applying students encouragement throughout the process of recording their videos. The firm cannot consider applications received after the September 15, 2024 deadline.  About the Puget Law Group  Puget Law Group has over a decade of experience serving Tacoma and surrounding areas. Since 2013, members of the firm have focused on serving the local community, serving as criminal and injury trial attorneys.   Eleven attorneys serve clients - with nine team members who have experience as former DUI prosecutors. The firm can assist clients facing criminal accusations as well as clients injured by another party's negligence.   You can get more information about Puget Law Group and the services they offer clients by contacting the Tacoma office. You can reach out to the firm online or call during the firm's operating hours. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509311/puget-law-group-announces-2024-scholarship)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1bhkoqw/puget_law_group_offers_2500_scholarship_for/