# The Global Beauty Awards to Spotlight Excellence In Pageantry In April

SEATTLE, WA, March 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Global Beauty Awards™ (TGBA), known as the "Oscars of Pageantry," is set to celebrate its highly anticipated 7th annual event in Greater Seattle, Snoqualmie, WA. Taking place on April 27th and 28th, 2024, at the prestigious Snoqualmie Casino, this grand ceremony will bring together industry leaders, professionals, and enthusiasts from around the world to honor and recognize excellence in the pageant community.  Jennifer Lloyd, who is a board member, Said, a prominent figure in the industry, described The Global Beauty Awards™ as the much-needed platform that finally celebrates pageantry on an international level. Drawing parallels to renowned award ceremonies such as the Grammys for musicians, the Emmy award for television, and the ESPY award for athletes, the Global Beauty Awards™ aims to shine a spotlight on the remarkable achievements within the pageant industry.  "The Global Beauty Awards™ is the Oscars of Pageantry," said Jennifer Lloyd Said. "You've heard of the Grammys for musicians, the Emmy award for television, ESPY award for athletes, and there was nothing that celebrated pageantry on the international level until now. It's called The Global Beauty Awards™."  The Global Beauty Awards™ not only acknowledges the external beauty often associated with pageants, but also emphasizes the personal growth and accomplishments of the contestants. In addition to building confidence, pageant participants learn valuable skills such as effective communication, networking, and professional development. Many former pageant contestants have gone on to achieve great success as entrepreneurs in various fields such as business, medicine, engineering, sports, television, movies, and entertainment.  Tickets for the 7th Annual Global Beauty Awards™ are now available at www.theglobalbeautyawards.com. This exclusive event offers attendees the opportunity to witness the celebration of excellence and leadership within the pageant community.  For more information about The Global Beauty Awards™, including sponsorship opportunities, please visit www.theglobalbeautyawards.com.  About The Global Beauty Awards™: The Global Beauty Awards™ (TGBA), also known as the "Oscars of Pageantry," celebrates excellence and leadership in the beauty, fashion, entertainment, sports, sciences, business, philanthropy, and outreach sectors of the Global Pageant Industry. Founded to recognize the achievements of individuals from major pageants worldwide, TGBA aims to promote awareness and elevate those involved in the pageant community. For more information, visit www.theglobalbeautyawards.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509336/the-global-beauty-awards-to-spotlight-excellence-in-pageantry-in-april) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 