# Melone Hatley, PC Announces $10K Women in Business Scholarship for its 10th Anniversary

VIRGINIA BEACH, VA, April 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- In 2024, Melone Hatley, P.C. intends to offer women pursuing a business degree the opportunity to apply for $10,000 in financial support. The Melone Hatley $10K Scholarship celebrates the firm's 10th anniversary and strives to help young women enter the professional sphere with as little debt as possible.  Women interested in applying for this scholarship must draft an essay between 500 and 1,000 words going into detail about what skills and unique qualities women can bring to today's business practices.   Applicants can tailor their essays to address the industries or entrepreneurial practices that they're interested in. Melone Hatley, P.C., encourages applicants to highlight personal examples of the business and entrepreneurial skills that set applicants apart from one another.  Melone Hatley, P.C., requests that all applicants must be: - Women entering their first or second year of study (law school or undergrad) - Students pursuing a business degree - In good academic standing - Eligible to attend school in the United States  Students have until August 15, 2024, to complete and submit their applications to Melone Hatley, P.C. The firm's scholarship selection committee will not consider scholarship applications submitted without all of their essential materials or after the submission deadline passes.  Melone Hatley, P.C. wishes all students the best of luck completing their scholarship application essays. The team looks forward to learning more about the skills the next generation of female entrepreneurs intends to bring to the industries of their choosing.  About Melone Hatley, P.C.  Melone Hatley, P.C. has operated as a woman-owned family law firm since 2014. In that time, the team has helped families throughout Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida address a wide range of cases, including custody, divorce, and estate planning.   The firm opens its doors to anyone in need with the hope of helping Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida residents prioritize their personal success. Clients can trust Melone Hatley, P.C., to prioritize their financial well-being without compromising their fight for justice and support.  Interested parties can reach out to Melone Hatley, P.C. today to schedule a no-obligation, no-charge family law case evaluation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509971/melone-hatley-pc-announces-10k-women-in-business-scholarship-for-its-10th-anniversary)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1c18wfj/melone_hatley_pc_to_offer_10k_scholarship_for/