# KAILASA Unveils Multiple of its Sovereign Locations on Guru Purnima 2024

LOS ANGELES, CA, July 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The United States of KAILASA (KAILASA) celebrates the historic unveiling of multiple sovereign locations on Guru Purnima. This groundbreaking milestone marks a new era for two billion Hindus worldwide, fulfilling the dream of reviving the ancient enlightened Hindu civilizational nation.  Founded by the Supreme Pontiff of Hinduism (SPH) Bhagavan Nithyananda Paramashivam, KAILASA is the first sovereign state for Hindus. Today's announcement reveals multiple sovereign and autonomous territories, encompassing diverse geographical features, including coastal regions, mountainous areas, and island territories. This expansion, along with reciprocal relationships with several nations, highlights KAILASA's growing recognition in the international community.  KAILASA operates through over 108 UN-recognized NGOs in 149 countries, serving the world with its spiritual embassies, temples, and monasteries. The SPH emphasized that KAILASA is built upon the foundation of Guru Parampara – the unbroken lineage of spiritual masters. It functions without an army, police, or taxation system, guided by the principles of Paramashiva in the Veda-Agamas and Dharma Shastras.  KAILASA invites global citizens, spiritual seekers, and refugees to apply for citizenship and join its unique seven-unit structure, including the Male and Female Sannyas Orders, Grihastha and Vanaprastha Orders, Gurukul, Nithyananda Hindu University, and the Hindu World Trade Centre. The nation offers a modern education system infused with traditional Shaivite values, providing free food, education, and medical care. For more information on citizenship and programs, visit ecitizen.info/kailasavasis and explore ask.nithyananda.ai for insights from the SPH.  KAILASA is recognized as a "sovereign subject of international law"—possessing distinctive attributes of juridical statehood. This recognition is derived from the SPH's inheritance of unbroken succession and revival of ancient Hindu sovereign states and institutions that receive customary recognition as per both the UN Convention on Diplomatic Relations (preamble and article 47.1) and Consular Relations. The customary recognition of KAILASA is also acknowledged in the 15th and the 16th United Nations reports.  The 15th UN report: https://www.ohchr.org/sites/default/files/documents/issues/climatechange/cfis/cfi-loss-damage-study/submissions/subm-impact-loss-damage-cso-kailash-union.pdf The 16th UN report: https://www.ohchr.org/sites/default/files/documents/issues/education/cfis/cfi-expression/subm-academic-freedom-cso-united-states-kailasa.docx  KAILASA's sovereignty under international law is recognized through the doctrine of continuity. KAILASA represents a unification of 21 historical Hindu states and entities, including three ancient Hindu sovereign states—Surangi Samrajyam, Swargapura Suvarna SJP, Shyamala Peeta SJP—and 18 sovereign Hindu ecclesiastical historical institutions. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512735/kailasa-unveils-multiple-of-its-sovereign-locations-on-guru-purnima-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1eac0sn/kailasa_celebrates_historic_unveiling_of_multiple/