# Punyam Academy is Excited to Introduce Its New E-Learning Course on Carbon Footprint Professional Training

ATLANTA, GA, July 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Punyam Academy is happy to launch Its new and affordable series of Carbon Footprint Training online courses like carbon footprint professional training, carbon footprint and net-zero implementation, carbon footprint project implementer training, ISO 14001 introduction implementation training, carbon footprint management and reporting training, demonstrating carbon neutrality training, etc. about 10 demanding courses. The Certified Carbon Footprint Professional Training is one of them globally recognized training course that gives participants the resources they require for managing an organization's carbon footprint initiatives, including the ability to quantify and report emissions as well as identify a variety of greenhouse gas emissions.  An online course - Certified Carbon Footprint Professional Training has been developed in response to the growing need for carbon footprint experts worldwide. The goal of the course is to assist students in measuring, classifying, and preparing GHG reports for marketing, regulatory, and other uses. The course can be taken from home or the workplace, as it is 24X7 accessible online course. Upon successful completion, participants will receive a certificate designating them as Certified Carbon Footprint Professional, allowing them to assist their businesses in measuring and reporting greenhouse gas emissions.  Total of eleven sessions are configured in the course that extend the topic to understand managing carbon footprints. In each session of the course, video tutorials recorded by experts are given to watch online, which address the causes of greenhouse gas emissions, the possibility of global warming, ISO 14064 requirements, documentation, various GHG emission ranges, carbon footprint measuring techniques, estimation-reporting, life cycle analysis, etc. A case study on carbon footprint estimation and other handouts in each session are given to download in .pdf format. To review user's knowledge online session examinations, and a final exam are all part of the course curriculum. After passing exams, an auto-generated Certified Carbon Footprint Professional Training Certificate will be issued to download in high-resolution format.   People who are interested in managing and quantifying carbon footprints in projects and organizations should take the Online Carbon Footprint Professional Training course. It is advantageous to workers and supervisors in sectors with initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, staff members in businesses in charge of measuring and reporting carbon footprints, carbon footprint consultants, people looking to advance their careers in carbon footprint management, and environmental managers in a variety of sectors. To know more about the course, visit here: https://www.punyamacademy.com/course/ghg/carbon-footprint-professional-training  Punyam Academy Pvt. Ltd. is a registered training provider that provides a variety of online courses, E-books, PowerPoint presentations, documentation, and KPO services for audits by clients and other parties. Punyam Academy is a leader in the field of e-learning, training, and ISO and other management system standard certification. Punyam Academy is a leading provider of training courses and services for over 200 courses, covering 16 categories and instrument calibration, risk management, food safety officer, SA 8000 auditor, business improvement, and auditor and lead auditor courses on QMS, EMS, OHSAS, Food Safety, IT Security and Services, etc. more than 50 management systems. More than 8000 students from more than 200 countries have completed the courses thus far. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512736/punyam-academy-is-excited-to-introduce-its-new-e-learning-course-on-carbon-footprint-professional-training) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 