# Jewish Students at Florida International University stay strong and united, despite attempts made by anti Israel supporters

MIAMI, FL, March 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Pro Palestinian Supporters Disrupt Jewish Students at Florida International University  Protesters against Israel disrupted Jewish students who were participating in a Friday Shabbat Dinner at the Hillel Jewish center. On this particular Friday, students from Fiu were congregating to reconnect with their Jewish heritage when a group of demonstrators obstructed their path. These advocates spouted hateful rhetoric as Jews were initiating the Sabbath blessings.   Supporters of Gaza even went to the extent of posing as Jews to disrupt meaningful dialogues. This act of intimidation was treated lightly as campus police permitted their presence. "It is disheartening to see how campus authorities prove to be more ineffective than ever," said Gavriel Dardashti a graduate and scientific researcher at Florida International University. He commended the bravery of the younger students for remaining present and allowing the dinner to proceed peacefully. "I have no sympathy for those who intentionally try to instill fear in others, yet a shining bright light flared with glamorous winds". None of the Hillel members succumbed to the fear that the demonstrators tried to instill. Their strong moral principles demonstrated a resistance to the harmful lies of those filled with unreasonable hatred.  Protesters against Israel disrupted Jewish students who were participating in a Friday Shabbat Dinner at the Hillel Jewish center. On this particular Friday, students from Fiu were congregating to reconnect with their Jewish heritage when a group of demonstrators obstructed their path. These advocates spouted hateful rhetoric as Jews were initiating the Sabbath blessings.   Supporters of Gaza even went to the extent of posing as Jews to disrupt meaningful dialogues. This act of intimidation was treated lightly as campus police permitted their presence. "It is disheartening to see how campus authorities prove to be more ineffective than ever," said Gavriel Dardashti a graduate and scientific researcher at Florida International University. He commended the bravery of the younger students for remaining present and allowing the dinner to proceed peacefully. "I have no sympathy for those who intentionally try to instill fear in others, yet a shining bright light flared with glamorous winds." None of the Hillel members succumbed to the fear that the demonstrators tried to instill. Their strong moral principles demonstrated a resistance to the harmful lies of those filled with unreasonable hatred. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509161/jewish-students-at-florida-international-university-stay-strong-and-united-despite-attempts-made-by-anti-israel-supporters)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1bbh1cy/pro_palestinian_supporters_disrupt_jewish/