# EMAM releases an integrated panel for Avid Media Composer

NEW YORK, NY, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- EMAM is releasing an integrated panel for Avid® Media Composer at the IBC 2024 event at the IBC Amsterdam RAI convention, September 13-16, at stand 1.B07. The eMAM™ team will demonstrate how editors using Avid's Media Composer can access the eMAM library and tools. Avid will be at stand 7.B59.  Editors crave creative tools that are deep, reliable, and powerful enough to maximize their storytelling talent. Avid Media Composer brings out the best in individual artists and creative teams working on the most demanding, high-profile, and time-sensitive projects. The latest release features innovative speech-to-text tools, remote collaboration capabilities, and unequaled compatibility with the leading digital audio workstation, Avid Pro Tools.  EMAM, Inc. is the author of the eMAM media workflow management solution, which helps organizations store and archive media, collaboratively produce digital media, and share and distribute media. From on-premises data centers, public or private cloud, and hybrid infrastructure, eMAM helps organizations maximize the value of their digital media while minimizing costs. With over 100 technology partner integrations, eMAM users can automate and streamline processes from the intuitive web-based interface. The system's flexibility, scalability, and affordability have attracted media, government, education, and corporate customers worldwide. EMAM Cloud expands eMAM's licensing options with public cloud-based turnkey Software as a Service (SaaS) and software-only Platform as a Service (PaaS) business models.  Media Composer editors can now access the media managed by eMAM in any number of on-premises or cloud storage and archive systems directly from a panel inside the application. They can also share media and timeline sequences to eMAM for review and approval, edit from the eMAM web interface or other platforms, deliver to broadcast and newsroom systems, share links, package and produce media, and archive. The combined solution will help organizations from various industries connect editors with non-technical users with integrated workflow processes.   EMAM President David Miller expressed enthusiasm for the partnership: "We are thrilled to partner with one of the most celebrated media technology companies to offer more choices to customers and empower them with the tools they need to succeed in today's rapidly evolving digital landscape. Together, we will unlock new possibilities for storytelling and content management."  Raymond Thompson, Senior Director Partner and Industry Marketing at Avid commented: "Panel SDK in Avid Media Composer is unlocking more and more workflow possibilities both for on-premises traditional Avid Media Composer networks and in the cloud with Avid | Edit On Demand. The eMAM panel allows users fast access to content in their eMAM library with the ability to easily search for, find, and quickly add media to an open project in Media Composer. This helps streamline content delivery and drives higher efficiency for Media Composer users."  Visit www.emamsolutions.com, www.emamcloud.com and www.avid.com for more information.  About EMAM, Inc.  Since 2006, leading organizations have been using the eMAM platform to collaboratively create, share, and distribute media. The eMAM product line (eMAM Vault, eMAM Publish, eMAM Workgroup, eMAM Enterprise, eMAM Cloud Service, and eMAM Cloud Platform) meets the media asset management and workflow management needs of broadcast, media, government, and corporate organizations in local, hybrid, and cloud environments. With dozens of system integrators and over 100 technology partners, users can have automated, integrated workflows to work faster and wiser.   EMAM, Inc. is a closely held Delaware C corporation headquartered in New York City.  About Avid Technology, Inc. Avid Powers Greater Creators  People who create media for a living become excellent creators with Avid's award-winning technology solutions to make, manage, and monetize today's most celebrated video and audio content—from iconic movies and binge-worthy TV series to network news and sports to recorded music and the live stage. What began more than 30 years ago with our invention of nonlinear digital video editing has led to individual artists, creative teams, and organizations everywhere subscribing to our powerful tools and collaborating securely in the cloud. We continue to re-imagine the many ways editors, musicians, producers, journalists, and other content creators will bring their stories to life. Discover the possibilities at avid.com and join the conversation on social media with the multitude of brilliant, creative people who choose Avid for a lifetime of success. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514126/emam-releases-an-integrated-panel-for-avid-media-composer)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology_press/comments/1fdc4oa/emam_releases_integrated_panel_for_avid_media/