# Enjoy Le Vian at Huntington Fine Jewelers

OKLAHOMA CITY, OK, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Huntington Fine Jewelers invites you to indulge in an extraordinary experience at their exclusive Le Vian Trunk Show event, happening from September 10th through September 19th across their Oklahoma locations.  This highly anticipated event offers a rare opportunity to explore a breathtaking selection of one-of-a-kind and limited-edition designs from the world-renowned Le Vian. Known for gracing the red carpet and adored by celebrities, Le Vian is synonymous with trendsetting, vibrant, gemstone jewelry. Attendees will be mesmerized by the array of unique designs, including the iconic Chocolate Diamonds® and the captivating Blueberry Sapphire, Passion Ruby set in Platinum, and innovative gold bangles from the Anywear/Everywear Collection. Additionally, be among the first to admire the new Peacock Aquaprase™ bead creations, available exclusively during this event.  The Le Vian Trunk Show will be hosted at Huntington Fine Jewelers in Norman on September 10th, Yukon on September 11th, Midwest City on September 12th, Stillwater on September 16th, Shawnee on September 17th, and Oklahoma City on September 18th and 19th.  Appointments are highly recommended as these exquisite pieces are expected to sell quickly. Secure your spot today to ensure you don't miss out on this unparalleled jewelry event.  Contact one of their Oklahoma jewelry stores to learn more information about the Le Vian events, their jewelry selection, and professional services.  About Huntington Fine Jewelers   For over 35 years, Huntington Fine Jewelers has served the greater Oklahoma City area with the finest engagement rings, wedding bands, fine jewelry, certified loose diamonds, and Swiss-made timepieces. Since their grand opening in Oklahoma City the retailer has grown in both square footage and staff, all while maintaining the personal level of customer service they have been known for. Today, customers can enjoy jewelry and watch collections from some of the top brands in the industry as well as the company's premier jewelry design and repair services. For more information visit their website at www.huntingtonfinejewelers.com, send an email to info@huntingtonfinejewelers.com or visit their showrooms in person. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514148/enjoy-le-vian-at-huntington-fine-jewelers) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 