# Jessica Styles Hair Salon Now Accepting Appointments at the Salon and Spa Galleria Sublett in Arlington, Texas

ARLINGTON, TX, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Licensed Beautician Jessica Thompson proudly announces the opening of her new salon, Jessica Styles, located in the Salon and Spa Galleria Sublett in Arlington.  With more than 15 years of experience working with hair, Thompson has an extensive background in haircuts and coloring.  "I've always been interested in the beauty industry," Thompson said. "It was only natural to pursue a career in it." Following her high school graduation, Thompson promptly enrolled in the award-winning Ogle School of Hair, Skin and Nails, graduating in 2008. Her specialties reflect her passion for what she does: she's a trained colorist, and specializes in precision haircuts, mainly for women.  Thompson enjoys maintaining long-term business relationships with her clients, preferring to provide services on a continued basis over time. Relying solely on "word of mouth" recommendations, Thompson has successfully managed to build her ever-growing clientele list.  Jessica Styles is currently accepting new customers, and services are available by appointment only. Schedule an appointment by calling or texting Thompson at 817-705-7595.   Conveniently located close to numerous businesses, shopping centers, and several major highway interchanges, Jessica Styles in the Salon and Spa Galleria Sublett is easily accessible from any direction. There is plenty of free parking for customers, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.   About Jessica Styles Located inside the Salon and Spa Galleria South Sublett, Jessica Styles offers haircuts and color.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With 22 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental salons. To inquire about space for rent in the Salon and Spa Galleria Sublett, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513902/jessica-styles-hair-salon-now-accepting-appointments-at-the-salon-and-spa-galleria-sublett-in-arlington-texas)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1fdc2l1/experienced_beautician_jessica_thompson_opens_new/