# PNI•HCM Partners with The Encompass Group to Add Talent Acquisition to Their Payroll, Benefits & Employee Engagement Services

ROCKVILLE, MD, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- PNI•HCM (PNI) is thrilled to partner with The Encompass Group to expand its all-in-one suite of HCM solutions to include expert-led talent acquisition services.   The U.S. Department of Labor reports that a bad hire can cost up to 30% of an employee's first-year salary, plus the resources required to restart the talent search. The Encompass Group seeks to end bad-fit hires with a culture-first approach and transformative talent acquisition strategies. By providing their clients with qualified professionals who have specific skill sets and cultural compatibility, The Encompass Group is positioned to help businesses grow strategically and fill immediate talent gaps.   The partnership combines PNI•HCM's deep expertise in payroll and HCM with The Encompass Group's industry-leading recruiting strategies to offer enterprises comprehensive solutions for hiring, training, engaging, and retaining top talent. With the united force of The Encompass Group and PNI•HCM, organizations can mitigate risk, revolutionize their business operations, and transform their company culture–starting with their candidate experience.   "We are grateful to partner with The Encompass Group and reinvigorate the excitement and joy of expanding one's team," said Mary Grothe, Chief Revenue Officer of PNI•HCM. "The Encompass Group approaches talent acquisition with an eye on retention, a focus that corresponds beautifully with PNI•HCM's dedication to creating engaging employee experiences that stand the test of time. Together, we're answering the frustration and depersonalization of recruiting with genuine relationship building and value alignment that fuels company growth for years to come."   PNI's robust HCM solutions help businesses efficiently manage their workforce, from onboarding and payroll processing to benefits enrollment and on-the-job training. This partnership extends The Encompass Group's industry-leading talent acquisition strategies to PNI's growing network of clients, enabling them to address the costly and time-consuming challenges of recruitment and employee retention from within one trusted resource.   Full-service recruiting is the star of this partnership, delivering direct hire contingent recruiting and executive search services to PNI•HCM's clients. The Encompass Group also adds its transformative talent consulting services to PNI's offerings, empowering internal recruitment efforts through personalized interview training, recruitment strategy guidance, and candidate experience audits.   "PNI•HCM and The Encompass Group share a commitment to long-term employee satisfaction, and we both understand that begins during hiring," says Joyce Godbey, Vice President of Talent Acquisition at The Encompass Group. "It's easy to place elite candidates when you know they are going to organizations like PNI's clients, who are dedicated to building frameworks for employee satisfaction and growth."   The partnership between The Encompass Group and PNI•HCM reflects the elevated importance of creating positive candidate and employee experiences to attract and retain top talent in today's complex job landscape.  About PNI•HCM  PNI•HCM is an award-winning provider of Human Capital Management (HCM) and HR-related software, best-in-industry partnerships, and unmatched customer support that is committed to creating the experience employees deserve. Our solutions are tailored to each client's unique needs, covering everything from fractional HR support to payroll processing, talent acquisition, benefits administration, timekeeping, and more. With a single login, we'll help you manage your business people operations from recruitment to retirement.   If you're looking to simplify your business operations, our experienced team can help. Visit our website to learn more about the exceptional breadth of services we offer.  About The Encompass Group  For growth-minded leaders transforming their organizations by investing in their people, The Encompass Group is the people optimization partner whose love of others compels us to exceed clients' expectations and meet their greatest needs. Our body of work ranges from specialized niche consulting and technology implementation to the facilitation of organizational transformation. We are people dedicated to helping others grow, thrive, and transform; the tie that binds everything we do is our focus on people.   - Talent Acquisition Services  - HR Technology Solutions  - Human Capital Consulting  - Workplace Transformational Consulting 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514153/pnihcm-partners-with-the-encompass-group-to-add-talent-acquisition-to-their-payroll-benefits-employee-engagement-services)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/HRnews/comments/1fdc0ea/pnihcm_partners_with_the_encompass_group_to/