# The Art of Spirituality: Gemstone Lingam Sculptures at Exotic India Art

ROSEVILLE, MN, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Lord Shiva is not only the destroyer of this material world but is a friend to all conditioned souls who are suffering the miseries born of their previous karmas. He is known as "Ashutosh" meaning the one who gets pleased very easily. Those who devote themselves to Lord Shiva with sincerity and without any duplicity get the chance to achieve the highest perfection in one lifetime. He manifests himself as Linga and accepts the service from his worshipers.  Exotic India Art launches a splendid collection of Shiva Lingam carved from gemstones for all those who seek the divine blessings of Lord Shiva. The stones complement the spiritual potency of the Shiv Ling and help the Sadhaka (practitioner) to immerse in their symbolic magical effects. Simply by witnessing the pristine beauty of the Shiva Lingam crystal, the heart finds solace and the soul gets purified. Shaped as a spherical stone or the regular Shiva Linga structure, the gemstone Lingam sculptures make a cherished addition to any sacred space. The worshipers can perform the Abhishekam of the Linga by offering water, milk, honey, flowers, and other things. The collection spans a wide variety of gemstone Shivling that exude transformative energy.  Natural Aventurine Lingam – The Aventurine gemstone shaped as the sacred Lingam is the stone of good luck and abundance. The worshiper becomes fearless and undeterred on the path of spiritual enlightenment.   Crystal Shiva Linga – The Crystal gemstone Lingam grants clarity and transparency to attain the highest wisdom. Its cooling and soothing properties aid in unwavering attention towards the ultimate goal in the life of the devotee.  Rose Quartz Lingam – Brought to you in the mesmerizing subtle hue of pink, this Lingam brings you an inspiration to contemplate the nectarine aspects of the Absolute Truth.  Red Jasper Shiv Ling – The vibrant Red Jasper Lingam provides spiritual strength and is believed to possess many healing properties.  Lapis Lazuli Lingam – Its shade as deep as the ocean, the Lapis Lazuli Lingam stone deepens the spiritual wisdom and insights of the worshiper and also promotes emotional balance.  Each gemstone Shiva Linga, with its beauty beyond this world, is associated with varied metaphysical properties and carries the essence of the symbolism of the Lingam. These are the divine earthly treasures that embody the energy of Lord Shiva and wait to become your worshipable objects.  Exotic India Art is a renowned e-commerce platform that has been serving its customers all over the globe for decades by offering them a wide range of products - From Indian traditional Clothing and handmade gemstone Jewelry to exquisite Statues and sculptures. Their team strives to bring the rich culture and tradition of glorious India to global homes, conveniently delivering them to the customers to their doorstep. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514125/the-art-of-spirituality-gemstone-lingam-sculptures-at-exotic-india-art)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1fdc013/exotic_india_art_launches_divine_gemstone_shiva/