# Vascular surgeon Michael Schwartz now a 20-time Castle Connolly Top Doctor

POMONA, NY, September 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Michael L. Schwartz, MD, has been recognized as a 2024 Castle Connolly Top Doctor — the 20th year he has received the prestigious Top Doctor honor! Only about 7 percent of the nation's licensed physicians are selected annually as Castle Connolly Top Doctors in their regions for their specialties.  Dr. Schwartz is a highly respected, trained, and experienced vascular surgeon with over 25 years of experience. He is with Rockland Thoracic & Vascular Associates and works primarily in Rockland County and Orange County, New York.  A Fellow of the American College of Surgeons, Dr. Schwartz is certified in both general surgery and vascular surgery by the American Board of Surgery.  He is also a certified Registered Physician in Vascular Interpretation®, widely regarded as the most highly skilled expert in interpreting vascular ultrasound images.   Experienced in both general and vascular surgery, Dr. Schwartz is known for his skill in the treatment of all vascular diseases such as aortic aneurysms, carotid stenosis, limb-salvage procedures, varicose veins, and dialysis access. He is skilled in the newest minimally invasive treatments but also has years of experience in the performance of open surgery when absolutely necessary.  "In most cases, vascular problems can be managed non-operatively. In fact, conservative measures work better than surgical treatments," Dr. Schwartz says. "Surgical interventions should only be used when necessary. I think I have a busy practice because most referring physicians recognize that I treat most of their referred patients that way."  Dr. Schwartz takes pride in the great experience patients have with our Rockland Thoracic & Vascular Associates.   "We are a small private practice not affiliated with any major groups. Our patients can expect to receive university-quality care offered in a small community setting. Our physicians in the practice are very easily accessible. When patients call, they can speak to one of our compassionate office staff — they are not routed around an offsite call center," Dr. Schwartz says.  In addition to his practice responsibilities, Dr. Schwartz has served since 2020 as chief of surgery at WMC Health/Good Samaritan Hospital in Suffern, NY, where he previously served as chief of vascular surgery for nearly 17 years.  Since 2004, he has served as chief of vascular surgery at Montefiore Nyack Hospital, Nyack, NY, and since 2016 as an attending surgeon at Westchester County Medical Center in Valhalla, NY.  Dr. Schwartz earned his medical degree at the University of South Florida Morsani College of Medicine. He completed a four-year surgery residency – serving as chief resident the final year — as well as a two-year vascular surgery fellowship at Montefiore Medical Center/Albert Einstein College of Medicine.  He also holds an undergraduate degree in microbiology (magna cum laude) from the University of Florida.  Top Doctors are nominated by peer physicians and selected by the physician-led Castle Connolly research team.  "I think my patients have a very good experience from the time they make their first phone call, through the actual visit, through any follow-ups or procedures," Dr. Schwartz says. "I think physicians recognize that I'm very conservative with their patients, and patients report back about their positive experience to their doctors, which results in my yearly nomination."  Rockland Thoracic & Vascular Associates has locations in Pomona, Goshen, Fishkill, New York City, and Englewood, NJ.  About Castle Connolly Castle Connolly publishes its Top Doctors list at castleconnolly.com and in a variety of print and online partner publications. Nominations are open to all board-certified MDs, DOs, and DPMs. The Castle Connolly team chooses honorees based on nominee criteria that includes their medical education, training, hospital appointments, and disciplinary histories.  Doctors do not and cannot pay to be selected as a Castle Connolly Top Doctor. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514105/vascular-surgeon-michael-schwartz-now-a-20-time-castle-connolly-top-doctor) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 