# Ackerman & Co. Partnering with Novare Group on Retail Project in Sugar Hill, GA

ATLANTA, GA, October 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Ackerman & Co. and Novare Group are teaming up to develop a two-building retail project in Sugar Hill, Ga. The project, featuring buildings of 6,035 square feet and 7,240 square feet, will be built adjacent to Novare Group's 306-unit Conclave Sugar Hill multifamily community.   Kelly Wilson, Senior Vice President of Ackerman Retail, a division of Ackerman & Co., will spearhead the leasing efforts for the project, which will be developed on a 4-acre site on Hillcrest Drive.  "We have a long-standing relationship with Novare Group, and this is an exciting opportunity for us to partner with them on this high-quality project adjacent to the City of Sugar Hill's master-planned downtown. The city has created a vibrant live, work, play district, and we're looking forward to adding a great mix of restaurants and retail to complement the city's downtown amenities," said Leo Wiener, President of Ackerman Retail.   Ackerman Retail will target homegrown and regional restaurants, fast-casual eateries, boutiques and shops for the two retail buildings, which offer flexible space options starting at 1,260 square feet.  Added Novare Group President Jim Borders, "Alongside the city's thriving downtown district, the retail and residences in our project will enhance Sugar Hill's growing appeal as a place to live and visit. Ackerman Retail brings extensive experience developing and leasing successful retail environments, including Lee + White, one of Atlanta's most dynamic mixed-use developments."   The city's 11.5-mile Sugar Hill Greenway will be integrated into the Sugar Hill mixed-use site, which will also connect to downtown via a pedestrian bridge that will span Highway 20 from Stanley Street. Two acres adjoining the 2-acre retail project site will be set aside for a public park.  The city's master-planned downtown district is home to Sugar Hill's City Hall, The Bowl Amphitheater, the art-deco Eagle Theater, the Sugar Hill Art Gallery, restaurants, residences, boutiques and more.  About Novare Group Novare Group is a leading developer of innovative mixed-use communities in the Sunbelt region. The company has overseen the development of nearly 20,000 residential units in 65 projects since its founding by Jim Borders in 1992. In 2002, the company delivered its first high-rise development, Metropolis, which has been widely credited with sparking residential demand that helped transform Midtown Atlanta into the vibrant neighborhood that it is today. The Company has continued to focus its activity on high-rise mixed-use communities and has built eighteen SkyHouse® branded communities, a rapid build, efficient high-rise concept that was a result of prior experience and observations in development and construction. In 2017, Novare Group began executing on suburban garden-style and town center developments, some with other development firms in its Novare Development Resources division, and some with its internal development teams. Since 2013 alone, Novare Group has developed $2.8 billion of multifamily rental communities.   About Ackerman & Co. Headquartered in Atlanta, Ackerman & Co. is a privately held, full-service commercial real estate firm focused on providing quality investment, brokerage, management and development services in the Southeast. The company, founded in 1967, retains an expert team of 100 real estate professionals. To date, Ackerman & Co. has developed and acquired 44 million square feet of office, medical, industrial, retail and mixed-use space, has 4.5 million square feet under management, and maintains an investment portfolio valued at $1 billion.   Ackerman Retail, a division of Ackerman & Co., offers a best-in-class services platform, delivering solid results for local and multi-market clients across the Southeast. To date, Ackerman Retail has completed more than 10 million square feet of transactions valued at $1.7 billion. For more information, visit www.ackermanco.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515120/ackerman-co-partnering-with-novare-group-on-retail-project-in-sugar-hill-ga)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1g0d700/ackerman_novare_group_to_develop_retail_project/