# Empowering Communities, Enhancing Mental Health

ATLANTA, GA, October 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- T2S C.A.R.E.S., a pioneering new mental health non-profit organization, is proud to announce its official launch, marking a pivotal step in creating a world where every individual, regardless of their background or circumstances, has access to the highest quality mental health care. With a mission to facilitate sustainable access to mental health services for underserved communities worldwide, T2S C.A.R.E.S. is set to make a significant impact in the fight against mental health illness.  The Founder, Dr. Spirit, is a visionary leader, global health advocate and mental health revolutionary whose lifelong dedication to mental health has already transformed countless lives and communities across the world. Recognizing the escalating global mental health crisis, Dr. Spirit founded T2S C.A.R.E.S. in 2024 to extend the reach and impact of her work. T2S C.A.R.E.S. aims to address the rising rates of mental illness projected to account for more than 18% of the global disease burden at a cost of $6 trillion to the GDP by 2030. Dr. Spirit emphasizes, "At T2S C.A.R.E.S., we believe that breaking down silos in mental health care is key to transformative change. By uniting evidence-based practices with global collaboration, we are building a collective movement to ensure that no community is left behind in the fight for mental health."  T2S C.A.R.E.S. has evolved from the community based mental health services spearheaded by its parent company, T2S Enterprises, over the last decade. Driven by the urgent need for access to sustainable mental health care, the team expanded its mission beyond national borders to embrace a global perspective. The COVID-19 pandemic further highlighted the necessity of the organization's innovative, culturally responsive solutions.   T2S C.A.R.E.S. exists to work in partnership with other community stakeholders to develop sustainable infrastructure designed to meet the mental health needs of the world's most vulnerable communities. Their programs include: • In School Mental Health Programs • Community-Based Mental Health Programs • Mental Health Fellowship Training Programs • Global Mental Health Documentary • Global Mental Health Repository • Global Mental Health System Architecture and Consultancy  With the collaboration of dedicated community stakeholders worldwide, T2S C.A.R.E.S. is emerging as a trusted partner in advancing mental health for every individual across the globe. Join us in our mission to create a healthier, more resilient world for all.  For more information about T2S C.A.R.E.S., upcoming events, and how to get involved, please visit t2scares.org or contact us at +1 585 438 3791 or info@t2scares.org. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515127/empowering-communities-enhancing-mental-health)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1g0d6uv/new_mental_health_nonprofit_launches_to_address/