# Opus Virtual Offices Steps Up to Support West-Central Florida Residents After Hurricane Milton

BOCA RATON, FL, October 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- In light of the immense hardships caused by Hurricane Milton, Opus Virtual Offices is extending a helping hand to West-Central Florida businesses impacted by the storm, aiming to aid in the recovery of the local communities. Acknowledging the overwhelming challenges businesses are facing, particularly in staying connected during this difficult time, Opus Virtual Offices is offering unlimited telephony services free of charge to any business owner forced to close due to the hurricane until their phone services are restored. Impacted business owners are encouraged to fill out the form at https://www.opusvirtualoffices.com/disaster/. Opus staff will forward their calls using our live answering service with care, offering this service at no cost, to help ensure they stay connected with clients and customers as they recover.  "We understand the weight of what our fellow Floridians are going through," said CEO Yori Galel. "As part of this community, it's important to us that we offer meaningful support, ensuring small businesses can maintain vital communication even in the face of such disaster." The offer reflects Opus Virtual Offices' commitment to standing with Tampa and the surrounding areas small business community in their time of need.  About Opus Virtual Offices  Opus Virtual Offices has become the fastest-growing company in the alternative workspace industry, with more than 650 locations throughout the U.S. and Canada. Their successful business model is built on providing complete office services for a single, low monthly rate of $99. Exclusive features of an Opus Virtual Office include a live receptionist answering and transferring calls, a prestigious corporate mailing address, a business phone, fax, and voicemail.  Opus Virtual Offices offers professional state-of-the-art conference rooms available for a flat hourly rental rate. Unlike many other virtual office providers, there is no fine print, hidden charges, or service limitations. Leave the costs associated with a traditional office lease behind and concentrate on running your business. With Opus Virtual Offices, you have all the benefits of a conventional office lease without worrying about excessive overhead expenses. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515119/opus-virtual-offices-steps-up-to-support-west-central-florida-residents-after-hurricane-milton)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1g0d6wf/opus_virtual_offices_extends_helping_hand_to/