# Cardial Watches celebrates 40th anniversary, sets Guinness World Record with 'The Empress' timepiece

DUBAI, UAE, March 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Cardial Watches, an acclaimed Saudi Arabian brand, commemorated its 40th anniversary by showcasing its signature watch – 'The Empress' – in Riyadh on Wednesday, March 13, 2024, and setting a new Guinness World Record for the same.  The watch features 18,664 diamonds set within the design of a globe featuring Saudi Arabia, with the hands positioned to represent Riyadh. The movement of the hands throughout Saudi Arabia was designed to reflect the country's rapid growth and shifts, all the while maintaining its distinctive identity. More importantly, 'The Empress' diamonds were sourced from suppliers certified by the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS), an initiative that keeps the alleged 'conflict' diamonds from entering the mainstream market.   According to Mr. Yahya Al-hadi, Founder of Cardial, he and his team were determined to achieve this Guinness World Record. The 40th anniversary celebrations inspired a number of innovative ideas, prompting Mr. Yahya and team to take on a new challenge and create a new experience that will be remembered forever. Mr. Yahya's passion ultimately led him to 'The Empress', which featured a total of 18,644 natural diamonds, breaking the previous world record of 17,512.   Mr. Yahya, who is a prominent Saudi Arabian watch designer, has established an empire of Saudi watch brands with over 150 stores throughout the country. The brand's latest milestone will remain a notable achievement in its history, as well as a fascinating story for all watch enthusiasts. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509453/cardial-watches-celebrates-40th-anniversary-sets-guinness-world-record-with-the-empress-timepiece)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1bkteeg/cardial_watches_sets_new_guinness_world_record/