# Allergy-immunology specialists Dang and Patel named 2024 Castle Connolly Top Doctors

COLUMBUS, OH, June 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Andrew T. Dang, MD, and Gital K. Patel, MD, have been recognized as 2024 Castle Connolly Top Doctors — the first year for both to receive the prestigious Top Doctor honor. Only about 7 percent of the nation's licensed physicians are selected annually as Castle Connolly Top Doctors in their regions for their specialties.  Dr. Dang and Dr. Patel are with Premier Allergy & Asthma, where they evaluate and treat patients of all ages who have suspected and confirmed allergies of all types, immune deficiency, Alpha-gal syndrome (AGS), eczema, asthma, and more.  The practice offers a variety of services, procedures, and treatments, including diagnostic testing and immunotherapy for allergies, including food allergies, and has been in operation for over 11 years.   Based in the Dublin office, both doctors are certified by the American Board of Pediatrics, with subspecialty certification in allergy and immunology.  Dr. Dang also serves as the medical director of Premier Allergy & Asthma, which has 12 clinics in and around Columbus, Ohio.  A Fellow of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology, Dr. Dang has special expertise in evaluating and managing environmental allergies — particularly food allergies — as well as asthma, urticaria ("hives"), and immunodeficiency.  He leads the practice's Food Allergy Clinic, which focuses on evaluating and treating people with suspected and confirmed food allergies.  "I optimize patient care and outcomes by first listening to the patient tell their story, asking appropriate questions to obtain specific details, offering appropriate evaluation and testing based on the story and details, educating the patient on the possible diagnosis, and then using a shared-decision making approach, with the patient, to decide on the best treatment plan," Dr. Dang says.  Dr. Patel has special expertise in evaluating and managing patients with immune deficiencies and children with recurrent infections, allergies, and eczema.  "To me, being a doctor is about having compassion for patients and their families," Dr. Patel says. "It's also about having a passion for the evolving field of medicine. I've always wanted to help others and being in patient care has allowed me to do that."  Dr. Dang earned his medical degree at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. He completed a three-year pediatrics residency at Nationwide Children's Hospital and a three-year allergy and immunology fellowship at Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center.  He holds a bachelor's degree in biomedical engineering from Duke University.  "My overarching philosophy for patient care is that the patient and I are on the same team, with the unified goal of improving the patient's quality of life," Dr. Dang says. "I firmly believe that a patient needs to first be educated on their disease before they can optimally manage and treat their disease. So during my office visits, I prioritize translating my knowledge of the patient's disease to the patient, so they can best understand their disease, which in turn empowers the patient to take control of their treatment, instead of letting the disease control the patient."  Dr. Patel earned her medical degree at Northeast Ohio Medical University. She completed both a three-year pediatrics residency and a two-year allergy and immunology fellowship at Louisiana State University Affiliated Hospitals.  She has additional certification by the American Board of Lifestyle Medicine.  "I aim to treat every patient as if they were a member of my family. I think it's important to build a relationship with my patients and provide them with all of the possible medical information I can to allow us to formulate a care plan that aligns with their own thoughts and values," Dr. Patel says.  Top Doctors are nominated by peer physicians and selected by the physician-led Castle Connolly research team.  "Being selected as a top doctor is a true honor," Dr. Patel says. "There were years of hard work and sacrifices that were made to get to this point in my career and it is validating to be recognized for those efforts."  "Being selected as a top doctor is an affirmation that my philosophy and approach to medicine are working to improve the lives and well-being of the patients I see," Dr. Dang says.  About Castle Connolly Castle Connolly publishes its Top Doctors list at castleconnolly.com and in a variety of print and online partner publications. Nominations are open to all board-certified MDs, DOs, and DPMs. The Castle Connolly team chooses honorees based on nominee criteria that includes their medical education, training, hospital appointments, and disciplinary histories.  Doctors do not and cannot pay to be selected as a Castle Connolly Top Doctor. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511304/allergy-immunology-specialists-dang-and-patel-named-2024-castle-connolly-top-doctors)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1d7r7m4/premier_allergy_asthma_doctors_recognized_as_2024/