# Opus VO Announces You Must Wear Pants to the Office Again

BOCA RATON, FL, June 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Say goodbye to the I just rolled out of bed look because you are now required to wear a shirt and pants to the office. With the pandemic over and people headed back to the office full time, it's time to grab your favorite button up shirt and pants and look the part. Using the promo code "PANTS" Opus Virtual Offices will waive the $100 set up fee for new customers. So, grab your best fitting pants, make sure your shirt is free of coffee stains, and grab yourself a prestigious business address.   "Building strong connections is how businesses succeed," said CEO Yori Galel. "There's simply no substitute for getting face to face time, collaboration works best when people are together in person." Opus VO provides businesses with a complete corporate presence and has prestigious meeting rooms across the country, simplifying face-to-face meetings.  About Opus Virtual Offices  Opus Virtual Offices has become the fastest-growing company in the alternative workspace industry with more than 650 locations in all 50 U.S. states and Canada. Their successful business model is built on providing complete office services for a single, low monthly rate of $99. Complete features of an Opus Virtual Office include a live receptionist answering and transferring calls, a prestigious corporate mailing address, business phone, fax, and voicemail.  Opus Virtual Offices also offers professional state-of-the-art conference rooms available for a flat hourly rental rate. Unlike many other virtual office providers, there is no fine print with hidden charges or service limitations. Leave the costs associated with a traditional office lease behind and concentrate on running your business. With Opus VO, you have all the benefits of a traditional office lease without having to worry about excessive amounts of overhead expenses. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511302/opus-vo-announces-you-must-wear-pants-to-the-office-again)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1d7rcdi/opus_virtual_offices_waives_set_up_fee_for_new/