# Inga Ellzey Billing Companies Exhibiting at the 2024 ASDS Annual Meeting

CASSELBERRY, FL, October 07, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Inga Ellzey Billing Companies is the industry leader in dermatology billing solutions and is proud to announce their participation as an exhibitor at the 2024 American Society for Dermatologic Surgery (ASDS) Annual Meeting. This meeting will take place from October 17-20, 2024, in Orlando, FL. Inga Ellzey Billing Companies will showcase their specialties, including working accounts receivables for dermatology practices in order to ensure maximum reimbursements and providing comprehensive bottom line reporting. Attendees of the ASDS event can visit them at booth #361.  The ASDS Annual Meeting is a keystone event for dermatology professionals to stay current on innovative developments and best practices. Inga Ellzey Billing Companies looks forward to connecting with current clients, building new relationships, and sharing how their specialized billing solutions support efficient operations and increased revenue in dermatology practices.  "The ASDS meeting offers us a unique opportunity to connect with our valued clients and connections in the dermatology field. This year, with the meeting being held near our East Coast headquarter, we're especially excited about in-person interactions that allow us to strengthen existing relationships and explore new partnerships," said Rob Manjura, CEO of Inga Ellzey Billing Companies.  "At Inga Ellzey Billing Companies, we're proud to provide tailored billing solutions that support private practice dermatologists around the United States by maximizing their reimbursement while providing their patients with white glove service that is unmatched across the country."  For more information about Inga Ellzey Billing Companies, visit dermatologybilling.com.  About Inga Ellzey Billing Companies  With over 40 years of extensive experience in dermatology, Inga Ellzey is the nation's foremost expert on dermatology coding, documentation, reimbursement, and billing. She holds a Master's Degree in Public Administration and a Bachelor's Degree in Medical Record Administration and is a Registered Health Information Administrator.  Inga has spent the last 30 years as an educator, including teaching as an adjunct professor at the University of Central Florida. She served as a contracted speaker with Glaxo-Wellcome-SmithKline's dermatology division for ten years, addressing over 300 dermatology societies nationally. More than 14,000 providers and their staff attended these sessions.  Founded by Inga in 1996, Inga Ellzey Billing Companies employs 160 U.S.-based employees while serving 120 dermatology practices and 470+ providers nationwide. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514893/inga-ellzey-billing-companies-exhibiting-at-the-2024-asds-annual-meeting)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/eventNews/comments/1fy1ugl/inga_ellzey_billing_companies_to_exhibit_at_2024/