# Innovative Self-Taught Artist Elisa Huberman's "The Blue Bat Dance" Takes the Children's Book World by Storm

NEW YORK, NY, June 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Elisa Huberman is an incredibly talented artist who is breaking barriers and taking the world of children's literature by storm. Her latest masterpiece, "The Blue Bat Dance," is now available on Amazon KDP and has been receiving rave reviews from readers of all ages.   "The Blue Bat Dance" is a 32-page wonderland painted with watercolors and brought to life with pen and ink. It takes readers on a magical journey where blue bats come out to dance in the moonlight during the witching hour. The book is more than just a children's book; it's a visual feast for readers of all ages. Elisa has also given life to characters like the "Upside Down Giraffe" and the "Odd Duckling," weaving stories of embracing uniqueness and finding acceptance.   Elisa is a self-taught artist who has overcome numerous obstacles to achieve success. She is a true inspiration and a testament to the fact that talent and hard work can overcome any obstacles. Pure Vision Arts (PVA) is Elisa's aesthetic home, a studio in the Flatiron district managed by Shield Institute for artists having a variety of challenges. PVA is home to an array of well-known artists, including Susan Brown, Simone Johnson, Walter Mika, and Alba Somoza, whose artworks feature eclectic cats, bizarre urban environments, and appealing abstracts.  Self-learned art is growing more popular. Self-learned artists are currently being encouraged and exhibited at New York City galleries and studios like the Summertime Gallery in Williamsburg, the League's LAND gallery in Bedford-Stuyvesant, and AHRCNYC's ArTech Collective in the Bronx. The Autism Museum, a peripatetic museum, had a 2022 exhibit in Brooklyn by artists on the autism spectrum that drew outsider artists from across the United States.   "The Blue Bat Dance" is a must-read for young readers who are looking for a magical adventure. Some pages have no words, allowing young readers to join in the interesting night-time journey through their own unique imaginations. The book is now available on Amazon KDP. It will also be available for purchase at the Focal Point Gallery and the Kaleidoscope Gallery on City Island in the Bronx, Elisa's neighborhood.   Elisa Huberman's self-taught art is a true inspiration. Her unique style and powerful storytelling are making waves in the world of children's literature and beyond.   Elisa will be signing books at Focal Point on December 2, and next year, the author will voice an Audible Book version of The Blue Bat Dance.   To get in touch with the author for book signings or interviews or for information on how to pre-order the Audible Book version, please send an email to hubermanproject2@gmail.com with the topic "Blue Bat Dance" in the subject line. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511939/innovative-self-taught-artist-elisa-hubermans-the-blue-bat-dance-takes-the-childrens-book-world-by-storm)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1dn7lde/talented_artist_elisa_huberman_releases/