# JL Bainbridge Adds Operations Expertise to Maintain White Glove Service for Clients as it Grows

SARASOTA, FL, June 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- JL Bainbridge & Company, Inc., a family wealth advisory firm based in Sarasota, Florida, has further improved its ability to offer personalized service by hiring a new team member to focus on the firm's operations. As Director of Operations, Dan Greenwald, CPA, is now responsible for ensuring that JL Bainbridge's team has the optimal systems and processes in place for serving clients. As an independent financial advisory firm, the company has the flexibility to build its processes around what works best for its clients and their Family Wealth Advisors.   "As we continue to grow, we need to make sure we have the right systems and processes in place," said John Leeming, CFP®, President of JL Bainbridge. "Dan's experience at The Goldman Sachs Group and Deloitte & Touche will serve him well here, but on a more personal scale." Leeming added that Greenwald's qualifications as a CPA give him an added level of understanding for processes that work well for finance-related activities.  Jerry Bainbridge, CEO and co-founder of JL Bainbridge, also welcomed Greenwald with high praise: "Dan's background in financial firms tells me that he's extremely qualified, but it's his passion for this business that assures me he'll fit in well with the team."  Prior to joining the JL Bainbridge, Greenwald was a member of the financial reporting group at a renewable energy company in Boca Raton. He worked previously at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., and Deloitte & Touche LLP. Dan earned a Bachelor of Science degree in business administration with a dual major in finance and accounting at the University of Central Florida. He went on to earn a Master of Science degree in accounting at the University of Notre Dame.  For more information about JL Bainbridge and the services offered, please visit www.jlbainbridge.com.  Disclosure: JL Bainbridge is a registered investment adviser. J.L. Bainbridge & Co., Inc., is not a broker dealer and does not offer tax or legal advice. Please consult your tax or legal advisor for assistance regarding your individual situation. Registration of an Investment Adviser does not imply any level of skill or training. It should neither be assumed that future results will be as profitable or that a loss could not be incurred. For more information on our firm and our investment advisor representatives, please review our Form ADV, Privacy Notice, and Form CRS at jlbainbridge.com and reference the SEC website for more information on the firm and its advisors: https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/summary/108058. [PR0624]  About JL Bainbridge & Company, Inc.   JL Bainbridge & Company, Inc. is a Sarasota-based investment advisory firm with over four decades of experience in providing comprehensive wealth management and investment services. The firm's client-centric approach and commitment to excellence have established it as a trusted advisor in the industry. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511907/jl-bainbridge-adds-operations-expertise-to-maintain-white-glove-service-for-clients-as-it-grows)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1dn7lf8/jl_bainbridge_company_enhances_personalized/