# For the 3rd Time, Zentro Makes the Inc. 5000, Solidifying its Position as the Fastest Growing MDU-Focused Internet Service Provider in America

CHICAGO, IL, August 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Zentro is excited to announce that it has earned the No. 1465 spot on the 2024 Inc. 5000 list, Inc.'s annual roundup of America's fastest-growing private companies. This prestigious ranking shines a spotlight on the most successful independent businesses that are driving our economy forward. Notable names like Microsoft, Meta, Chobani, Under Armour, Timberland, Oracle, and Patagonia were once newcomers on this very list.  "I'm incredibly honored that Zentro has made the Inc. 5000 list for the third year in a row," said Dave Dobbin, CEO of Zentro. "This achievement is a testament to the hard work of our entire team, who have kept our business thriving while managing two acquisitions and implementing new internal systems. This recognition motivates us to keep pushing boundaries, embracing challenges, and delivering Enlightening Fast internet to our loyal subscribers."  The 2024 Inc. 5000 showcases companies that have achieved rapid revenue growth despite facing inflation, rising capital costs, and hiring challenges. The top 500 companies on this year's list boast an average median three-year revenue growth rate of 1,637 percent. Altogether, these companies have created 874,458 jobs over the past three years.  To see the full Inc. 5000 list, including company profiles and an interactive database sortable by industry, location, and other criteria, visit www.inc.com/inc5000. All 5000 companies are featured on Inc.com starting Tuesday, August 13, with the top 500 appearing in the latest issue of Inc. magazine, available on newsstands starting Tuesday, August 20.  "One of the greatest joys of my job is going through the Inc. 5000 list," says Mike Hofman, who recently joined Inc. as editor-in-chief. "To see all of the intriguing and surprising ways that companies are transforming sectors, from health care and AI to apparel and pet food, is fascinating for me as a journalist and storyteller. Congratulations to this year's honorees, as well, for growing their businesses fast despite the economic disruption we all faced over the past three years, from supply chain woes to inflation to changes in the workforce."  About Zentro Built on the promise of "Enlightening Fast Internet," Zentro is committed to improving customers' perception of their internet experience by providing remarkably fast, reliable speeds combined with exceptionally responsive customer support. Delivering documented 99.99 percent uptime, consistent 5-star customer reviews, and multiple industry awards for commitment to customer service, Zentro's client roster includes many of the largest residential developers and most iconic properties in the Midwest, including The Tribune Tower and John Hancock Center. For more information, visit zentrointernet.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513495/for-the-3rd-time-zentro-makes-the-inc-5000-solidifying-its-position-as-the-fastest-growing-mdu-focused-internet-service-provider-in-america)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1etij5d/zentro_earns_no_1465_spot_on_inc_5000_list_for/