# Corporate Whistleblower Center Urges a Nursing Home-Healthcare Manager to Call About Big Whistleblower Rewards-If Their Employer Received a COVID-PPP Loan & No Money Went to Payroll-Staff

WASHINGTON, DC, July 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Corporate Whistleblower Center says, "We have by far the most aggressive initiative in the nation focused on exposing healthcare companies that received a significant Paycheck Protection Program-PPP loan(s) in 2020 or 2021 and spent the majority of the money on non-payroll things-such as buying more nursing homes, boats, or the owners simply put the money in their pockets. We want to talk to insiders about whistleblower rewards in healthcare-because the wrongdoing is so incredibly easy to prove.  "If you are a manager at a nursing home-skilled nursing facility or any type of healthcare company and your workplace received a PPP loan-please call us at 866-714-6466 if at least 60% of the loan was not used on payroll and or if your employer had more than 500 employees. The whistleblower rewards for this type of information might be hundreds of thousands of dollars-or a lot more.   "Most of the nursing homes-long term care facilities and or healthcare companies that received a Paycheck Protection Program-PPP loan(s) we are looking at received close to or over a million dollars per facility, most did not spend a dime on payroll, a significant portion had more than 500 employees, and the money was not necessary.   "If your nursing home, long term care facility or healthcare employer was constantly short staffed in 2020 or 2021 and they received a PPP loan it is a huge problem-if they did not spend at least 60% of the loan proceeds on payroll as we are always happy to discuss at 866-714-6466. All calls are strictly confidential."   Special Note: "If you don't know if your long term care facility employer received a PPP loan-but the facility was always short staffed in 2020-2021 call us at 866-714-6466-we will know if they received one of these SBA loans." https://CorporateWhistleblowerCenter.Com  The Corporate Whistleblower Center's Paycheck Protection Program-PPP Loan Fraud Initiative is national and focused in on all US States-including Florida, California, New York, Arizona, Texas, Georgia, New Jersey, Washington, Minnesota, Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, North Carolina, Arkansas, Oregon, Illinois, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. The types of ownership groups they are targeting are sole proprietors, wealthy investor groups, venture capital firms as well as private equity firms involved in the ownership of nursing homes, long term care facilities, nurse staffing agencies, and or any other type of healthcare company.   Aside from healthcare workers with proof of Paycheck Protection Program-PPP loan fraud the Corporate Whistleblower Center is also extremely interested in hearing from bank loan officers who were involved in this loan program. If the bank-financial institution instructed their loan officers to do no due diligence the whistleblower rewards might exceed a million dollars as the group is always happy to discuss at 866-714-6466. Again, all calls are strictly confidential. https://CorporateWhistleblowerCenter.Com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512216/corporate-whistleblower-center-urges-a-nursing-home-healthcare-manager-to-call-about-big-whistleblower-rewards-if-their-employer-received-a-covid-ppp-loan-no-money-went-to-payroll-staff) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 