# July Move-In Specials For Salon Suite Rentals

GEORGETOWN, TX, July 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Hill Country Salon Suites, located in Georgetown, Texas, has a reputation for outstanding luxury salon suites for rent, and the July salon suite specials offer great move in deals.  Red hot July move in special *Restrictions and details of the offers are explained during the tour.  Rent your salon suite and get up to 12 weeks of rent at only $199 per week on any standard suite.  Refer A Friend  Refer a friend and get cash. If they sign a lease during July 2024, you get a $250 referral fee.   Take advantage of these great savings during the month of July!  What makes Hill Country so special?  Hill Country owners, Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton, spoke about why their enterprise is so special.  "It's not necessarily the quality of the salon suites that we lease which makes us special, although they are of very high quality," said Spradley. "What really makes our suite leases special are the amenities we include in the rental price. Free utilities, free Wi-Fi, free web page, free laundry facilities; those amenities will save our clients hundreds of dollars each month and overhead they will not have to worry about."   But there is more. We take our clients under our wing. We share our expertise with them. We offer tips on business management and marketing. We provide an understanding shoulder to lean on during those first few months of business ownership, which are usually the hardest months for any new owner."  This is not a franchise  There is no franchise fee at Hill Country Salon Suites because it is not a franchise. There is no sharing of profits. Clients who rent at Hill Country are sole owners of their businesses and take home 100% of the profits they earn. They set their hours of operation, decorate their suite to match their vision, choose whatever name they want for their business, and in every way make all decisions for their independently owned business.  "When you add it all together," Scharton adds, "the low monthly rent, move in specials, the amenities, the marketing and business management expertise, this really is the best way for a motivated entrepreneur to break into this industry."  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512194/july-move-in-specials-for-salon-suite-rentals)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/StartupBusinessNews/comments/1dtpzvx/red_hot_july_movein_specials_at_hill_country/