# Kile Law Firm Joins Forces with Mushkatel, Robbins & Becker

SUN CITY, AZ, July 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Mushkatel, Robbins & Becker and Kile Law Firm are thrilled to announce the joinder of their two law firms effective July 1, 2024. The new firm, named Mushkatel, Gobbato & Kile, PLLC, will continue to lead the Arizona legal industry in the areas of personal injury, estate litigation, probate and trust administration, estate planning, real estate, and family law. The integration of the two firms' immense skill sets into one exceptional firm promises continued superior legal services being provided to clients throughout the Valley of the Sun.  Kile, named partner with Mushkatel, Gobbato & Kile, PLLC, said of the union. "Zach's strong West Valley presence, his commitment to his clients and their needs, and his first-rate legal practice are critical to the continued success of our practices."  Mushkatel echoes Kile's thoughts regarding the combination of the two firms. "I have known Emily for over a decade, and she never fails to impress with her legal acumen. Her work with special needs planning, ALTCS planning, and complex estates is nationally recognized for a reason. My respect for Emily and her team, and their quality of legal services, made this an easy decision for my practice."  This merger is a testament to Mushkatel's unwavering commitment to meeting the evolving legal needs of clients across the Valley. This alliance also solidifies our market presence with offices in Sun City, Scottsdale, and Surprise. This expansive reach is a benefit of the combined entity. "With the significant growth the Valley has seen over recent years, it is crucial that we continue to strengthen our involvement in and commitment to communities in both the east and west side of the Valley. Clients need a quality, customer service-driven option for their legal needs, and we are prepared to meet that need with integrity and skill," noted Mushkatel.  About Mushkatel, Robbins & Becker  Since 2012, Mushkatel, Robbins, and Becker has blazed its own method of providing top-shelf legal services in personal injury, estate litigation and planning, family law, and real estate. Committed to superior client satisfaction and success, Mushkatel and his team offer unparalleled legal services designed around each client, understanding that no two clients' needs are identical. Learn more about Mushkatel here.  About Kile Law Firm  Kile Law Firm is an accomplished boutique probate and estate planning firm. It crafts winning strategies tailored to meet clients' distinct needs across the Valley. Kile Law Firm is committed to understanding client needs and devising strategies for any situation.  Questions?  Zachary Mushkatel | Managing Partner  480.428.0992  zach@phoenixlawteam.com   Emily Kile | Partner  480.348.1590  emily@phoenixlawteam.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512198/kile-law-firm-joins-forces-with-mushkatel-robbins-becker) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 