# The Tadchiev Law Firm Obtains $985,000 Settlement for Pedestrian Injured While Crossing New York Intersection

NEW YORK, NY, July 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Tadchiev Law Firm is pleased to have obtained a $985,000 settlement for a client who suffered disabling injuries in a pedestrian accident when he was hit by a motorist while walking across the street.   On Feb. 11, 2020, the man, an auto mechanic, was struck and knocked down by a left-turning vehicle as he was crossing a Nassau County street with the pedestrian light in his favor.   The man sustained serious injuries to both shoulders, his left knee, and his right hip and suffered multiple herniated discs in his lumbar and cervical spine, requiring multiple surgeries. He was disabled and still unable to work nearly two years after the accident.  Attorney Boris Tadchiev, founding partner of The Tadchiev Law Firm, P.C., filed a personal injury lawsuit on behalf of the injured man in Nassau County Supreme Court against the estate of the driver who struck him. The driver later passed away for reasons unrelated to the accident.  As part of the development of the pedestrian accident case, the defense counsel representing the estate of the driver hired an orthopedic doctor to examine the man injured in the pedestrian accident. The doctor conceded that the injured man had suffered a diminished range of motion in both shoulders and his left knee, as well as disability in his lumbar spine from multiple herniated discs. The doctor did not contest that the pedestrian accident caused the injuries.  Given the lack of dispute about the cause and seriousness of his client's injuries, Mr. Tadchiev successfully negotiated a sizable settlement to help with his client's recovery. Boris Tadchiev was recognized by Top Verdict for obtaining one of the top 50 personal injury settlements in New York in 2022.  About the Law Firm  The Tadchiev Law Firm, P.C., is a personal injury law firm in Floral Park, New York. The firm fights for the rights of individuals and families whose lives have been shattered by devastating accidents that never should have occurred. The Tadchiev Law Firm is committed to seeking maximum compensation for clients after serious car accidents, truck accidents, pedestrian accidents, motorcycle accidents, and slip-and-fall accidents. The firm also represents medical providers in no-fault arbitration cases. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512197/the-tadchiev-law-firm-obtains-985000-settlement-for-pedestrian-injured-while-crossing-new-york-intersection) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 