# Hair Stylist/Life Coach Opens Salon in Georgetown

GEORGETOWN, TX, August 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Susana Guerra is not your typical hair stylist, and TherHairapy 1/1 not your typical hair salon.  "I have vast experience in the beauty industry, 30 years to be precise, and great rapport with customers. I understand their needs, can suggest the best option for everyone; and combined with a Life Coach certification, I am able to provide another level of experience and satisfaction not found in a traditional beauty salon," states Guerra.  Vital information about TherHairapy 1/1 SUITE #122 Located inside Hill Country Salon Suites PHONE 956-739-2014 EMAIL: sens22dio@gmail.com  SERVICES/SPECIALTIES: Hair cuts, Razor cuts, Hair Color (full, highlights & baliage), Manicures & Pedicures Book Services at TherHairapy 1/1  Experience Therhairapy 1/ 1 and discover the beauty of inner transformation. Our unique approach combines the art of hair care with the power of therapeutic support, creating a transformative experience for our clients. "We want to help our clients exude beauty from the inside out. This is possible with my training as a beauty professional and wellness professional," states Guerra.  TherHairapy 1/1 is a one stop place for beauty, which saves client's time. Make an appointment to have your hair colored, cut and styled plus splurge for a manicure and pedicure. You will leave Susana's suite looking and feeling fantastic.  Why Choose Hill Country Salon Suites  Why was Guerra attracted to Hill Country Salon Suites?  "They offer an affordable salon suite, with a list of amenities which is very attractive . . . but bottom line, the co-owners, Richard and Malanie, are emotionally invested in the success of their clients, and that strongly appealed to me, a small business owner."  She continues: "My goal is to create the perfect image for my customers, and that requires forming a relationship with them. It is the forming of relationships which is so important to me, and I believe it is important to the owners of Hill Country as well. I could have leased space in several other places, but Richard and Melanie shared my philosophy of business."  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513343/hair-stylistlife-coach-opens-salon-in-georgetown)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1er1ids/experienced_stylist_offers_unique_beauty_and/