# iuvo Ranks No. 4639 on the 2024 Inc. 5000

NEW YORK, NY, August 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Inc. revealed today that iuvo ranks No. 4639 on the 2024 Inc. 5000, its annual list of the fastest-growing private companies in America. The prestigious ranking provides a data-driven look at the most successful companies within the economy's most dynamic segment—its independent, entrepreneurial businesses. Microsoft, Meta, Chobani, Under Armour, Timberland, Oracle, Patagonia, and many other household-name brands gained their first national exposure as honorees on the Inc. 5000.   In addition to our overall ranking, iuvo proudly holds the number 115 spot in the Boston-Cambridge-Newton area, number 377 in IT Services, and number 125 in Massachusetts.  When asked how it feels to be recognized on the 2024 Inc. 5000 list of the fastest-growing private companies in America, iuvo President and CEO Bryon Beilman stated, "When we got our first recognition in 2015, I was ecstatic; it was something I had always wanted to achieve. Now, in 2024, being honored for the sixth time brings the same excitement because this recognition shows how a business can grow year after year by focusing on what is important to your customers." Bryon spoke to the key factors driving iuvo's growth and success stating, "We have been aggressively innovating over the past 3-5 years which has allowed us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. We have been following our own path and leading the way with our IT services and solutions. Our ability to deliver exceptional services at scale has been a significant driver of our growth and will continue to propel us forward."  The Inc. 5000 class of 2024 represents companies that have driven rapid revenue growth while navigating inflationary pressure, the rising costs of capital, and seemingly intractable hiring challenges. Among this year's top 500 companies, the average median three-year revenue growth rate is 1,637 percent. In all, this year's Inc. 5000 companies have added 874,458 jobs to the economy over the past three years.   For complete results of the Inc. 5000, including company profiles and an interactive database that can be sorted by industry, location, and other criteria, go to www.inc.com/inc5000. All 5000 companies are featured on Inc.com starting Tuesday, August 13, and the top 500 appear in the new issue of Inc. magazine, available on newsstands beginning Tuesday, August 20.   "One of the greatest joys of my job is going through the Inc. 5000 list," says Mike Hofman, who recently joined Inc. as editor-in-chief. "To see all of the intriguing and surprising ways that companies are transforming sectors, from health care and AI to apparel and pet food, is fascinating for me as a journalist and storyteller. Congratulations to this year's honorees, as well, for growing their businesses fast despite the economic disruption we all faced over the past three years, from supply chain woes to inflation to changes in the workforce."   When asked what this recognition means for iuvo's clients and partners, Bryon responded, "Our clients and partners want to collaborate with a leading company that is growing. We share a mutual investment in each other's success, fostering long-term relationships. Our commitment to being there for them over the long term helps them plan confidently and strengthens our future together." Bryon gave this advice to other entrepreneurs and businesses aspiring to make the Inc. 5000 list, "Consistency and perseverance are key—growth doesn't happen overnight. It requires hard work, day after day, until you can finally pause, look around, and see that you've built something valuable that people want. There are no shortcuts. At iuvo, we embrace a culture of "Leadership at the Edge," where every team member is empowered to use their expertise to enhance the company and deliver exceptional value to our customers. This collective entrepreneurial spirit is fundamental to our success and is deeply embedded in our culture."  About iuvo  iuvo is a Boston-based IT consulting company and managed services partner offering professional IT services and solutions to the businesses that are driving innovation and growth all over the US. Since 2007 we've been disrupting the IT industry to bring exceptional service to co-managed and in-house IT teams across the nation. Our core belief is that information technology should accelerate the growth of your business and not be a constraint. Managed Services, IT Consulting & Strategy, Virtual CIO, Secure AI, DevOps, Security Services, Cloud Services and more are part of our offerings to make our clients successful.  More about Inc. and the Inc. 5000   Methodology  Companies on the 2024 Inc. 5000 are ranked according to percentage revenue growth from 2020 to 2023. To qualify, companies must have been founded and generating revenue by March 31, 2020. They must be U.S.-based, privately held, for-profit, and independent—not subsidiaries or divisions of other companies—as of December 31, 2023. (Since then, some on the list may have gone public or been acquired.) The minimum revenue required for 2020 is $100,000; the minimum for 2023 is $2 million. As always, Inc. reserves the right to decline applicants for subjective reasons. Growth rates used to determine company rankings were calculated to four decimal places.   About Inc.  Inc. Business Media is the leading multimedia brand for entrepreneurs. Through its journalism, Inc. aims to inform, educate, and elevate the profile of our community: the risk-takers, the innovators, and the ultra-driven go-getters who are creating our future. Inc.'s award-winning work achieves a monthly brand footprint of more than 40 million across a variety of channels, including events, print, digital, video, podcasts, newsletters, and social media. Its proprietary Inc. 5000 list, produced every year since its launch as the Inc. 100 in 1982, analyzes company data to rank the fastest-growing privately held businesses in the United States. The recognition that comes with inclusion on this and other prestigious Inc. lists, such as Female Founders and Power Partners, gives the founders of top businesses the opportunity to engage with an exclusive community of their peers, and credibility that helps them drive sales and recruit talent. For more information, visit www.inc.com.   For more information on the Inc. 5000 Conference & Gala, to be held from October 16 to 18 in Palm Desert, California, please visit http://conference.inc.com/. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513213/iuvo-ranks-no-4639-on-the-2024-inc-5000)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1er1igw/iuvo_ranks_no_4639_on_the_2024_inc_5000_list_of/