# Parents Now Have More Time for Their Kids Thanks to Opus VO

BOCA RATON, FL, August 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Opus Virtual Offices, national leader in virtual office services, is proud to announce that its innovative virtual office solutions are helping working parents reclaim precious time with their children. With the flexibility to work from home, parents using Opus Virtual Offices can now personally take their kids to school, thanks to the elimination of lengthy commutes.  "The morning rush no longer has to be a stressful experience." Said CEO Yori Galel. "Opus VO provides a seamless way for parents to manage their professional responsibilities without sacrificing important family moments." Instead of facing daily traffic, parents can enjoy meaningful time with their children, whether it's having breakfast together, walking them to the bus stop, or driving them directly to school. This opportunity to be more present in their children's lives contributes to stronger family bonds and a greater sense of security for their kids. Opus Virtual Offices is not just about enhancing professional efficiency, it's about enabling parents to be there when it matters most.  About Opus Virtual Offices Opus Virtual Offices has become the fastest-growing company in the alternative workspace industry, with more than 650 locations throughout the U.S. and Canada. Their successful business model is built on providing complete office services for a single, low monthly rate of $99. Exclusive features of an Opus Virtual Office include a live receptionist answering and transferring calls, a prestigious corporate mailing address, a business phone, fax, and voicemail.  Opus Virtual Offices offers professional state-of-the-art conference rooms available for a flat hourly rental rate. Unlike many other virtual office providers, there is no fine print, hidden charges, or service limitations. Leave the costs associated with a traditional office lease behind and concentrate on running your business. With Opus Virtual Offices, you have all the benefits of a conventional office lease without worrying about excessive overhead expenses. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513350/parents-now-have-more-time-for-their-kids-thanks-to-opus-vo)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1er1i9g/opus_virtual_offices_helps_working_parents/