# SageHome Inc. Appoints Aaron Carmack as Chief Operating Officer

ATLANTA, GA, August 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- A highly talented executive, Aaron brings over 30 years of sales and operations experience gained in the retail home improvement sector. Most recently, he served as the Chief Operating Officer at Rogers Electric, a national electrical contractor operating across 48 states, where he was responsible for driving the company's sales and operations strategies. Before Rogers Electric, Aaron had a distinguished 12-year career at Home Depot serving as Regional Vice President for the Midwest and Pacific North regions, managing the performance of over 100 stores; a short stint leading Home Depot's Canadian operation, comprising 180 stores; and running Home Depot Home Services – three wholly owned subsidiaries offering installation services for interior and exterior projects nationally. Aaron's early career was spent at Midas International and Sears.  Aaron brings experience and expertise that will be invaluable for the development of SageHome's business, particularly his track record of achieving growth. As COO, Aaron will be instrumental in leading SageHome's core operations functions, as well as the General Managers of each of SageHome's trading brands. Additionally, he will drive the company's expansion efforts and ensure the continued delivery of exceptional service to SageHome's customers. He will collaborate closely with Joe Gorman, SageHome's President and CEO, to scale the business through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions.  Joe Gorman, SageHome's CEO, said: "On behalf of everyone at SageHome, I am delighted to welcome Aaron to the company. He joins at a pivotal point in our growth trajectory and his proven track record in operational excellence complements the strengths of our executive team. His knowledge and experience will be instrumental in helping us scale the business and generate further growth, to ensure that SageHome fulfills its ambitions."  Aaron Carmack, SageHome's new COO said, "I am excited to be joining SageHome at this point in its strategic journey. It offers exactly the type of opportunity that motivates me. We have ambitious goals to fulfill but SageHome is well-structured, has a compelling value proposition, and has the backing of supportive investors. It is at an exciting point in its development and is ready to capitalize on its numerous growth opportunities. I am looking forward to contributing to the next phase of its development."  Notes for Editors  SageHome is a home services organization with a mission of providing stylish home modifications for people who want to age in place gracefully. The company's focus is on building a national solution for all seniors through acquisitive and organic growth. As most senior slips, falls, and injuries occur in the bathroom, SageHome's initial focus on the bathroom allows it to make the greatest impact societally, by providing safer bathrooms in the states in which it operates. SageHome is now the largest provider of aging-in-place bath remodeling services in the United States, operating from 24 states across the West, Midwest, Southeast, and New England. The company has seven trading brands:  •	Carefree Home Pros serves customers in Connecticut and Massachusetts  carefreehomepros.com   • Colorado Living serves homeowners in Colorado and Wyoming getcoloradoliving.com  •	Midwest Bath Company serves customers across Illinois, Iowa, and South Dakota midwestbath.com   •	New Bath Today serves homeowners across Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Florida newbathtoday.com   •	One Day Bath serves customers in Utah and Montana onedaybath.com  •	Safe Showers serves customers across Texas safeshowers.com  •	Smart Bath serves customers across Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina smartbath.com   You can read more about this ground-breaking business at: sagehome.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513337/sagehome-inc-appoints-aaron-carmack-as-chief-operating-officer) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 