# Simplifying B2B Digital Commerce: Channel Software's Innovative Ecommerce Platform Takes the Stage at P21WWUG CONNECT 2024

MINNEAPOLIS, MN, August 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Channel Software will sponsor and exhibit at the Prophet 21 World Wide User Group (P21WWUG) CONNECT 2024 Conference in Chicago, August 25-27, 2024. This annual event brings together P21WWUG members from around the globe to learn, network, and share insights.  At booth #104, Channel Software will highlight the benefits of integrated B2B eCommerce platform for distributors seeking to modernize their customer experience.   Visitors can expect to: • Discover strategies to simplify product information access for customers • Learn how to streamline online ordering processes • Explore ways to reduce costs in managing and maintaining a B2B eCommerce website  Channel Software will demonstrate their CSX eCommerce platform, purpose-built to meet the unique needs of modern industrial companies. This showcase will illustrate how the right technology can transform B2B distribution in today's digital landscape.  CONNECT 2024 will feature classes led by industry peers, Epicor representatives, third-party solution providers, and guest speakers, offering a comprehensive learning experience for users of the Epicor Prophet 21 ERP system.  Curt Olson, President of Channel Software, commented on the unique challenges that industrial distributors face this year, "In 2024, smaller and mid-sized distributors are navigating dual challenges: a slower-growth market and rapid digitalization. Giant online marketplaces are setting new standards for pricing, product range, and delivery speed, putting pressure on mid-market players in a cautious spending environment. At the same time, B2B buyers now expect consumer-grade online experiences across all channels."  Olson added, "To succeed, distributors need an ERP-integrated eCommerce platform to deliver omnichannel experiences for their buyers. Despite economic challenges, leveraging eCommerce technology to improve customer experience while highlighting their unique strengths can help them carve out a niche in their market."  During the event, P21WWUG CONNECT attendees will gain an insider's perspective on how and why Channel Software is at the forefront of the industry in providing ERP integrated eCommerce, efficiency improvement, and a cost-effective, all-in-one B2B eCommerce platform. This includes eCommerce integrated with Product Information Management (PIM), content management, and analytics capabilities.  To learn more about the event, visit the P21WWUG CONNECT 2024 website.  About Channel Software Channel Software strives to be the leading provider of integrated, B2B eCommerce software and services enabling companies of all sizes to increase sales, optimize their technology investment, and strengthen customer relationships. Since 2001, our CSX eCommerce software architecture and its powerful software logic have been serving the complicated B2B eCommerce needs of forward-thinking distributors and manufacturers. For over 20 years our suite of eCommerce software products and tools has helped define the B2B eCommerce category as it exists today. Learn more at channelsoftware.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513355/simplifying-b2b-digital-commerce-channel-softwares-innovative-ecommerce-platform-takes-the-stage-at-p21wwug-connect-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 