# Coconut Software and LPL Financial Announce Strategic Relationship, Offering Advisors a Streamlined, Efficient Meeting Scheduling Solution

TORONTO, ON, August 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Coconut Software, a provider of scheduling solutions for the financial services industry, today announced a strategic relationship with LPL Financial, a leading investment advisory firm and the nation's largest independent broker-dealer* supporting financial advisors. Advisors at approximately 1,000 LPL affiliated institutions can leverage Coconut Software's advanced scheduling platform to enhance interactions with clients and streamline the client meeting process.   "We are excited to collaborate with LPL to offer advisors an efficient way to meet with their clients—boosting engagement and enhancing the client experience," said Katherine Regnier, Founder and CEO of Coconut Software. "This relationship demonstrates our ability to deliver valuable solutions built on industry-leading standards that are designed to adhere to the unique privacy and security needs of the financial services industry."   Coconut Software's platform is user-friendly, driving advisor productivity and client satisfaction through institution-ready appointment scheduling and video banking. Financial advisors who use Coconut have reported a reduction in administrative tasks and more efficient service delivery with a time savings of 10 minutes per meeting—recaptured productivity worth $295,000 over three years¹. An increase in client engagement metrics with a 21-point increase in NPS¹ was also reported. The platform is designed to comply with regulations applicable to advisor communications, and is able to support both wealth management and retail users.  "Through this strategic relationship with Coconut Software, we are addressing a common pain point: the time-consuming nature of scheduling meetings. By streamlining this process, we are freeing up advisors to focus on higher-value work that enhances the overall client experience," said Ken Hullings, LPL's Executive Vice President, Institution Client Success. "Our commitment to integrating superior technology solutions like Coconut's platform is key to helping advisors succeed and grow their practices efficiently."  Coconut Software's commitment to excellence and innovation has positioned it as a trusted partner for financial advisors seeking to enhance their client relationships and streamline their operations. The platform's ease of use and powerful features provide a competitive edge for institutions of all sizes, including banks, credit unions and medium to large enterprises in today's fast-paced financial landscape.   ¹Forrester Total Economic Impact study, April 2024  ABOUT COCONUT SOFTWARE Coconut Software provides compliant appointment scheduling solutions designed to enhance the customer experience in the financial services industry. Founded in 2011, Coconut Software serves a growing number of top-tier banks and credit unions across North America. Our platform integrates with existing systems, helping financial institutions improve operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. For more information, visit www.coconutsoftware.com.  ABOUT LPL FINANCIAL  LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: LPLA) was founded on the principle that the firm should work for advisors and institutions, and not the other way around. Today, LPL is a leader in the markets we serve, serving more than 23,000 financial advisors, including advisors at approximately 1,000 institutions and at approximately 580 registered investment advisor firms nationwide. We are steadfast in our commitment to the advisor-mediated model and the belief that Americans deserve access to personalized guidance from a financial professional.   At LPL, independence means that advisors and institution leaders have the freedom they deserve to choose the business model, services, and technology resources that allow them to run a thriving business. They have the flexibility to do business their way. And they have the freedom to manage their client relationships, because they know their clients best. Simply put, we take care of our advisors and institutions, so they can take care of their clients.   * As reported by Financial Planning Magazine 1996-2023, based on total revenue  Securities and Advisory services offered through LPL Financial LLC ("LPL Financial"), a registered investment advisor. Member FINRA/SIPC. LPL Financial and its affiliated companies provide financial services only from the United States.  Coconut Software and LPL Financial are separate entities.  Throughout this communication, the terms "financial advisors" and "advisors" are used to refer to registered representatives and/or investment advisor representatives affiliated with LPL Financial.  We routinely disclose information that may be important to shareholders in the "Investor Relations" or "Press Releases" section of our website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513187/coconut-software-and-lpl-financial-announce-strategic-relationship-offering-advisors-a-streamlined-efficient-meeting-scheduling-solution)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1emzke0/coconut_software_announces_strategic_relationship/