# Dr. Sam Adeyemi Presents Dear Leader Live Conference June 1 in Houston

HOUSTON, TX, May 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dr. Sam Adeyemi, author and leadership coach to some of the most successful executives across the globe, will host Dear Leader Live 2024, an exclusive event devoted to life-changing leadership development, June 1 at the Marriott Marquis in Houston.  Discover how the most strategic leaders manage to thrive in the face of overwhelming challenges. Dear Leader Live 2024 is a one-of-a-kind event that seeks to redefine pre-existing ideas about leadership and take a close look at what's possible with an organization's existing resources.   Attendees will work hand in hand with Dr. Sam to craft forward-thinking visions for their companies and outline their very own version of a supportive and action-oriented working culture. The event is exclusively designed to provide a transformative experience for:  •	Entrepreneurs and Aspiring Entrepreneurs •	Executive C-Suite Leaders •	Pastors and Ministry Leaders •	Executive Managers •	Coaches and Consultants  Transform your outlook on leadership and influence and learn to amplify your impact in ways you've never thought were possible, including:  •	Redefine Your Leadership Style: Learn how to craft a leadership identity that drives results. •	Leverage Existing Resources: Develop a mindset for continuous growth that helps you create opportunities within resources you already have in your possession. •	Maximize Team Success: Learn how to create an environment where your personal and team victories become the norm.   General admission tickets, which start at $99 per individual, are available while supplies and offered at a steep discount for groups of 5 or more. For those looking to upgrade their experience to something truly unique, VIP tickets starting at $999 per individual include a catered luncheon and a one-on-one breakfast with Dr. Sam, as well as a host of other exciting amenities to help you or your group make the most out of this transformational experience.  About Dr. Sam: Dr. Sam Adeyemi is CEO of Sam Adeyemi, GLC, Inc. and founder and executive director of Daystar Leadership Academy (DLA). More than 45,000 alumni have graduated from DLA programs, and more than 3 million CEOs and high performing individuals follow him on top social media sites. Dr. Sam's new book is "Dear Leader: Your Flagship Guide to Successful Leadership." He holds a Doctorate in Strategic Leadership from Virginia's Regent University, and is a member of the International Leadership Association. He and his wife, Nike live in Atlanta and have three children. Learn more at SamAdeyemi.com.  It's time to elevate your leadership and influence. Secure your spot today at https://meet.samadeyemi.com/live-in-houston/  For more information, visit the online press kit at DrSamAdeyemi.OnlinePresskit247.com and public site SamAdeyemi.com. For interviews with Dr. Sam, send requests to michelle@wasabipublicity.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510532/dr-sam-adeyemi-presents-dear-leader-live-conference-june-1-in-houston)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1chfwtp/dr_sam_adeyemi_to_host_exclusive_leadership/