# GRE Alpha's Dimming Modules Power a Luxurious Atmosphere at the Janu Hotel in Tokyo, Japan

TOKYO, JAPAN, May 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Janu Hotels is known for its commitment to exemplary design, and its development team carefully cultivates the right mix of components to make its vision come to life. Using GRE Alpha's dimming modules, the Janu Hotel was able to craft a luxury look and experience for guests.   As a new luxury brand from Aman Resorts, the Janu Hotel wanted to create an unforgettable ambiance and experience for guests in the lobby. Using GRE Alpha's GLD-DIM-DMX4I-L, the hotel could emphasize a warm and welcoming atmosphere and build on the luxury experience that they're known for providing.   The hotel was part of a large development called Azabudai Hills, designed by visionary architects Pelli Clarke & Partners. The three towers also include offices, residences, retail shops, restaurants, and more.   GRE Alpha appreciates the opportunity to provide products that help create the spaces that brands like the Janu Hotel wish to create. We look forward to future partnerships and seeing these spaces come to life.  About the Janu Hotel  Janu Tokyo stands as the premier property within the Azabudai Hills area, representing a modern urban hub brimming with greenery, culture, and artistic endeavors. Developed over thirty years, this fresh and dynamic district embodies Janu's core values by fostering meaningful interactions and community cohesion.  As the sole hotel in this expansive project, positioned within Residence A Tower crafted by the renowned Pelli Clarke & Partners, Janu Tokyo features 122 spacious, light-drenched rooms and suites. The hotel sets a new standard in luxury with its extensive amenities, including eight venues for dining and social activities, alongside a top-tier wellness center spanning 4,000 sqm—one of the largest in Tokyo.  Janu Tokyo embraces the city's diverse cultural offerings through its dedication to fine dining, art, and design. It enhances Tokyo's vibrant social landscape and acts as a prime access point to the city's finest attractions, conveniently located near the districts of Roppongi and Toranomon.  About GRE Alpha  GRE Alpha® Electronics, Ltd. specializes in designing and manufacturing solid-state lighting power supplies and lighting control accessories, which are the lifeblood of indoor and outdoor LED lighting systems. Their superior performance products are the power behind LED lighting systems. GRE's unique modular approach allows its dimming modules and drivers to be used in new or existing installations.  For more information, visit GREAlpha.com, follow us on LinkedIn, or contact: GRE Alpha Electronics, Ltd. Sales and Marketing TEL: +813-5403-6364 Email: yoshihito.mori@grealpha.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510551/gre-alphas-dimming-modules-power-a-luxurious-atmosphere-at-the-janu-hotel-in-tokyo-japan) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 