# TempAid Cold Chain Packaging Announces It Has Become a Stand-Alone Entity

MISSISSAUGA, ON, May 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- TempAid, formerly a division of Rapid Aid Corporation, proudly announces its evolution into a stand-alone entity, effective May 1st, 2024. With roots stemming from Rapid Aid's extensive manufacturing experience since 1975 and backed by over 50 years of combined leadership in temperature-controlled packaging, TempAid is positioned to be a market leader.  As a result of this transition, TempAid now offers dedicated lab services tailored to the pharmaceutical industry, including walk-in freezers, state-of-the-art temperature chambers, thermal modeling and comprehensive drop and vibration testing capabilities. This enhances TempAid's ability to support clients in obtaining accreditations from bodies such as URAC and ACHC in the United States, as well as Health Canada GUI-0069 compliance.  Based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, TempAid operates a diverse product line of over 400 SKUs designed, developed, and manufactured in their wholly-owned facilities across Canada, China, and Vietnam, solidifying their position as a global leader in temperature-controlled packaging.  "TempAid's success stems from our unwavering commitment to exceeding expectations," Ryan Sanders, President of TempAid, emphasized. "Our dedication to offering personalized services and individualized solutions sets us apart within the industry and continues to earn us the trust and loyalty of our clients."  Please join in celebrating TempAid, an affiliate of Rapid Aid Corporation, as it continues to push the limits in temperature-controlled packaging.  TempAid Cold Chain Packaging manufactures a complete line of temperature-controlled solutions designed to maintain temperature stability for the pharmaceutical, pharmacy and laboratory sectors. As an affiliate of Rapid Aid, the company has been delivering hot and cold solutions for over 40 years. Rapid Aid and TempAid currently produce hundreds of millions of units annually. For more information on the TempAid line of solutions or custom quotes, please contact us directly at 1-800-COLD-HOT or visit tempaidcoldchain.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510545/tempaid-cold-chain-packaging-announces-it-has-become-a-stand-alone-entity) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 