# A New Kind of Seventh Heaven; Pastor's Family Launches 7th Season of their Podcast

MIAMI, FL, August 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Alessis, a family of pastors in Miami, are getting ready to release the 7th season of their popular podcast series, "The Family Business with The Alessis." Hosted by Pastors Steve and Mary Alessi, along with their 4 adult children and 2 in-laws who all work on the same church staff, this season promises to delve even deeper into the real issues facing families in the modern world. This season will unearth the untold stories, challenges, and triumphs that shape a family working together as they lead a multi-cultural church in Miami.   Having founded Metro Life Church in 1997, Steve and Mary Alessi made the bold choice to raise their kids with the intention of keeping them in the ministry as both family members and employees. Now having added two new in-laws via marriage to the family, and rapidly welcoming new grandkids, they all continue to work through the challenges of 'family business', in the context of church leadership and ministry.   WHAT LISTENERS CAN EXPECT  The upcoming 7th season, debuting in September of 2024, will continue their intimate exploration of family dynamics, spanning multiple generations in a unique workplace - a church ministry.   The Alessi family, known for their transparent discussions and candid interviews, will once again offer a unique perspective on what it takes to keep your family happy and working in unity through changing seasons, including marriage, having children, caring for aging parents and facing constant cultural changes that affect your family.   They've decided not to shy away from the tough topics of culture as well, including the debate over gender roles, abortion, transgender discussions and the impact of social media on our young people.   Speaking on the upcoming season, host and pastor Steve Alessi says: "Over the past 3 years, as our podcast has grown, so has our family. Two new in-laws and 3 grandchildren constitute a big change, but our audience has been right there with us. In this new season we'll show you how we are continuing to stay close and united as a family, even while our family, our culture and our church changes at such a fast pace."   "The Family Business with The Alessis" has proven to be a favorite of listeners over the last three years,and the family continues to share real stories that captivate their audience - from becoming grandparents twice over, to helping their young adult children transition into running families of their own, to maintaining a healthy relationship as employers of their children.   Stay tuned for a season filled with captivating stories, insightful conversations, and a deep appreciation for the resilience and innovation that defines a family built on strong values and authentic love both for each other and their work.  *About 'The Family Business with The Alessis' Podcast:*  "The Family Business with The Alessis" shares insights into building a strong family at the intersection of ministry and leadership, and shows you how to guide your family into a multi-generational legacy. Hosted by 3rd generation pastors Steve and Mary Alessi, you'll hear their illuminating conversations on life as parents, pastors and leaders, as they guide 6 young adults in their family who all work together on staff, as well as expert guests from inside and outside of church life. . For more information and to listen to previous episodes, visit https://alessifamilybusiness.com  For media inquiries, please contact:  Allen C. Paul info@alessifamilybusiness.com 305-592-5100 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513338/a-new-kind-of-seventh-heaven-pastors-family-launches-7th-season-of-their-podcast) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 