# Leading 'Troubled Teen Industry' Survivor Organization Releasing 'Unsilenced Impact' App

RANCHO MISSION VIEJO, CA, August 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Unsilenced, the leading nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting survivors, reforming facilities, and stopping the institutional child abuse rampant within the "Troubled Teen Industry" (TTI), has released their brand new Unsilenced Impact app, now available for both Apple and Android.  The Unsilenced Impact app puts the power back in the hands of survivors and allies with instant mobile access to numerous valuable resources, such as connections to expert help, justice, and support; resources and training for professional development; opportunities to engage in meaningful activism; and a supportive and active online community.   "The Unsilenced Impact app is a powerful digital resource for healing, education, reform, and involvement for both allies and those who have suffered at the hands of this industry," says Meg Appelgate, CEO of Unsilenced and a survivor who was subjected to severe brainwashing and abuse at two TTI facilities during her teens. "It's the next step in our mission to help equip our community, empower self-advocates, and enable lasting social change."  The "Troubled Teen Industry" is a term for the thousands of "troubled youth" programs, facilities, and centers that represent a largely unregulated multi-billion-dollar industry. Often promising reform, therapy, and rehabilitation — but instead delivering abuse, neglect, and psychological harm — there are approximately 120,000 to 200,000 children and teens being sent annually to TTI "boot camps," "teen ranches," "wilderness therapy,", "therapeutic boarding schools", and "residential treatment centers" throughout the United States and abroad.   Thousands of survivors have now come forward to speak out about the abuses they've been subjected to or have witnessed, most recently in HBO Max's "Teen Torture, Inc.," Paris Hilton's "I Am Paris" documentary, and Meg's "Becoming UNSILENCED: Surviving and Fighting the Troubled Teen Industry."  About Unsilenced:  Founded in 2021, Unsilenced is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization formed by survivors and allies. The organization is dedicated to protecting the civil, social, and human rights of youth by promoting appropriate, healthy, and effective alternatives to the largely unregulated Troubled Teen Industry. Through education, awareness, survivor and community support, and access to justice, Unsilenced aims to foster better health outcomes for children and youth struggling with mental health and educational challenges. To learn more visit Unsilenced.org.  About Meg: Meg Appelgate is the co-founder and CEO of Unsilenced, a nonprofit dedicated to ending institutional child abuse within the Troubled Teen Industry (TTI). A survivor of two TTI programs where she spent over three years, Meg now advocates for systemic change and supports other survivors. Her new book, "Becoming UNSILENCED: Surviving and Fighting the Troubled Teen Industry" (April 2024), details her harrowing experiences and the urgent need for reform. To learn more visit MegAppelgate.com and Unsilenced.org.  For more information or interviews with Meg, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513740/leading-troubled-teen-industry-survivor-organization-releasing-unsilenced-impact-app) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 