# Signarama Celebrates Record-Breaking Sales and Franchise Achievements in First Half of 2024

WEST PALM BEACH, FL, August 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Signarama®, the world's leading sign and graphics franchise, announced significant achievements and record-breaking sales for its franchisees in the first half of 2024. The company's continued success underscores its position as an industry leader and highlights the strength of its franchise model.  With robust demand for Signarama's products and services, as well as the effectiveness of the company's franchise support system, Bob Chapa, owner of Signarama Metro Detroit, has achieved multiple $1 million sales months in 2024, building on his impressive record set in 2023 for the most sales in a single year by a single unit franchise owner. Under the ownership of Sami Qureshi, Signarama of Philadelphia, PA has also set a new benchmark, reporting $2 million in sales in single month. Chapa's Detroit location and Qureshi's Philadelphia location are among 85 franchises that have qualified for Signarama's 2024 Circle of Excellence, an accolade earned by achieving $1 million in yearly sales, marking the largest group of qualifiers in the brand's history.  "We are incredibly proud of the outstanding achievements of our franchisees in the first half of 2024. Their record-breaking success not only reflects the hard work and dedication of our owners but also emphasizes the strength and resilience of the Signarama brand," said A.J. Titus, President of Signarama. "As we approach our 38th anniversary as a brand, we're excited to build on this momentum and continue providing innovative solutions that empower small businesses across the country."  In addition to record-breaking success, Signarama is proud to announce that its West Palm Beach franchise has made the 2024 Inc. 5000. With three-year revenue growth of 87%, owners Mike and Lino DeFeo have earned a first-time spot on the prestigious ranking, solidifying their position among the fastest-growing private companies in America.  "This recognition is an incredible honor for our team at Signarama West Palm Beach," said Lino DeFeo.  "We're grateful to our loyal customers who have trusted us with their signage needs as well as our partners at Signarama corporate whose ongoing support enables us to grow," added Mike DeFeo.  Signarama will continue to introduce and implement programming and strategies that aim to fuel ongoing growth for franchisees. The company recently unveiled plans for its next Masters Academy. Designed to help Signarama franchise owners amplify efficiency, drive sales, and increase profit, the on-location training provides two days of peer-to-peer learning in an immersive, collaborative atmosphere, with the next series slated to take place this fall.  "The Masters Academy is just one example of our ongoing commitment to franchisee success. We're continually developing new programs, enhancing our corporate resources, and leveraging our industry partnerships to provide our franchisees with a competitive edge," added Titus. "From marketing support and operational guidance to cutting-edge technology solutions and vendor relationships, we're invested in every aspect of our franchisees' businesses. Our goal is to empower each Signarama location to reach its full potential, and the record-breaking sales we're seeing are a testament to the effectiveness of these efforts."  Signarama is part of the United Franchise Group (UFG) family of affiliated brands and consultants, giving its clients access to the resources and expertise of a global network and almost four decades of experience in the franchising industry.   For more information, visit www.signarama.com and www.signaramafranchise.com.   About United Franchise Group  Led by CEO Ray Titus, United Franchise Group™ (UFG) is home to an affiliated family of brands and consultants including Signarama®, Fully Promoted®, Transworld Business Advisors®, Exit Factor™, Accurate Franchising Inc.™, Franchise Real Estate™, the Vast Coworking Group™ division comprised of Venture X®, Office Evolution® and Intelligent Office®, and Big Flavor Brands™ with The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, Graze Craze® and Cannoli Kitchen Pizza®. UFG affiliated brands include over 1600 franchises in more than 60 countries, with consultants that have helped develop over 350 brands into franchises, in over 60 countries with more than 2500 franchisees.  With over three decades in the franchising industry United Franchise Group offers unprecedented leadership and solid business opportunities for entrepreneurs.    About Signarama  Signarama®, the world's leading sign franchise, offers branding and messaging solutions in addition to comprehensive sign and graphic services to consumers and commercial customers – from business signs, vehicle wraps, and digital signs, to advertising and marketing services. It is among the Starpoint Brands™ constellation of trusted companies representing the very best in their industries. As part of a $49-billion-plus worldwide sign market, Signarama has been at the forefront of the sign industry for over three decades. For more information, visit www.signarama.com. For more information on the Signarama franchise opportunity, visit www.signaramafranchise.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513724/signarama-celebrates-record-breaking-sales-and-franchise-achievements-in-first-half-of-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1f1rjo2/signarama_franchisees_achieve_recordbreaking/