# CCHR Hosting "Psychiatry: An Industry of Death Exhibit" Exposing Mental Health Abuse

ORLANDO, FL, April 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The exhibit, titled "Psychiatry: An Industry of Death Exhibit", presents documentation of the history of abuse in the field of mental health. The free exhibit will be held at 330 E Central Blvd. in Orlando, FL and will be open to the general public from 9am to 9pm on April 6-7th. The grand opening of the exhibit is being held on Friday April 5th at 6pm.  Raising awareness on the harsh realities of psychiatric abuse to tens of thousands across the world each year, the traveling exhibit documents the origins of psychiatry including its blatant disregard for human rights; psychiatry's social control and profit-driven motives; and psychiatric "treatments" that result in debilitation and death.  The exhibit is being hosted by the Citizens Commission on Human Rights of Florida. CCHR FL, winner of six awards for their work to help protect a parent's right to direct the mental health of their child and to end coercive psychiatry, is a nonprofit watchdog organization that is dedicated to the reformation of mental health.  Visitors to the exhibit will gain a historical perspective of psychiatric human rights abuse while being educated on abuses that continue in present day such as forced commitment and the use of electroshock on seniors and children. Along with educational panels and photos, the exhibit features a documentary with interviews of more than 160 health professionals, doctors, psychiatrists, psychologists, academics, legal and human rights experts and victims giving firsthand accounts of psychiatric brutality. To learn more, please call 727-442-8820 or visit www.cchrflorida.org.  About CCHR: Initially established by the Church of Scientology and renowned psychiatrist Dr. Thomas Szasz in 1969, CCHR's mission is to eradicate abuses committed under the guise of mental health and enact patient and consumer protections. L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology, first brought psychiatric imprisonment to wide public notice: "Thousands and thousands are seized without process of law, every week, over the 'free world' tortured, castrated, killed. All in the name of 'mental health,'" he wrote in March 1969. For more information visit, www.cchrflorida.org 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509853/cchr-hosting-psychiatry-an-industry-of-death-exhibit-exposing-mental-health-abuse)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/PsychedelicsNews/comments/1bx5hwi/exhibit_in_orlando_fl_sheds_light_on_psychiatric/