# Jeff, "The Liquidator" Joins Forces with Major Donors to Empower Memorial Ribbon Society in Exciting Auction Event!"

VANCOUVER, BC, April 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Jeff Schwarz, known as Jeff the Liquidator and the owner of Direct Liquidation and Direct Auctions, has pledged to conduct auctions throughout 2024 featuring donated items, with the proceeds benefiting the Memorial Ribbon Society. This organization supports the families of fallen Police and Peace Officers across Canada, offering scholarships to their children and aid to grieving families.  Building on the success of previous auctions, the third auction is scheduled for Saturday, April 6, 2024, with items contributed by partners of Jeff and Direct Liquidation. Proceeds from this auction will also go to the Memorial Ribbon Society.  Among the donated items for the April 6 auction is a "New Echelon Connect EX-4s Spin Bike with 25.5 cm (10-in.) HD Touch-screen Monitor and 1-year Subscription" contributed by Big Box Outlet Store. LOT 10A, "New Echelon Connect EX-4s Spin Bike with 25.5 cm (10-in.) HD Touch-screen Monitor and 1-year Subscription".  Demonstrating his ongoing commitment to charitable causes, television personality and Direct Liquidation owner Jeff Schwarz has generously donated a "New Frigidaire Retro Refrigerator 3.2 cu. ft., Black" (retail $200) to the Ribbon Memorial Society. LOT 10B, "New Frigidaire Retro Refrigerator 3.2 cu. ft., Black" (retail $200).   Additionally, a household goods lot including an Ecoloop universal screw-on funnel, Rotoshovel backwoods automatic shovel, crystal clean scented beads, and The Water Heater Handler has been donated by Doug. LOT 10C Group of household goods, Ecoloop universal screw on funnel/ Rotoshovel backwoods automatic shovel/ crystal clean scented beads & The Water Heater Handler.  A popular offering from West Coast Wash, voted Best Car Wash, is an auto detailing package that will give your car a brand-new look. LOT 10D, "West Coast Wash 1 Comprehensive Mini Auto Detailing Package", LOT 10D. This donation includes one of five mini auto detailing services valued at $1500.00 each, redeemable at 5318 Kingsway in Burnaby throughout the year.  Jeff Schwarz, also known as The Liquidator, expressed, "Successful bidders not only acquire a new treasure but also contribute to supporting the families and children of our honourable fallen law enforcement officers. Plus, participating in online auctions adds an element of fun, with live engagement with bidders."  Participation in the auction is simple and free; interested individuals can sign up and start bidding on the lots. Even if unable to attend the live auction on Saturday, March 30th, 2024, participants can place maximum bids.  Throughout 2024, Direct Auctions will continue to add donated lots to each auction to raise funds for the Memorial Ribbon Society. As each auction will feature different items, interested individuals are encouraged to sign up for email notifications to stay updated on the offerings supporting the Memorial Ribbon Society.  For a complete list of auction items, visit: https://www.icollector.com/auction.aspx?as=97341  Auction Date & Time: Saturday, April 6, 2024  Location: Online registration and item viewing  Details: Registration is free, and items can be shipped worldwide.  About Memorial Ribbon Society:  About Jeff Schwarz, "The Liquidator" & Direct Auctions Powered by Direct Liquidation:: Jeff Schwarz has been in business of buying, selling and auctioning pretty much everything and anything for the past 30 years. From valuable assets and collectibles, liquidating merchandise in the streets of India, and buying and selling collectible assets in China, Dubai, Canada, United States, and Central America, Jeff has made a name for procuring, selling and auctioning quality assets internationally. With a strong connection to the film industry, Jeff has also sold and auctioned off thousands of treasured props and show memorabilia from shows such as Altered Carbon, The Man in the High Castle, Starwars, Once Upon a Time, and Stargate to name a few. Jeff has also had a successful TV show called The Liquidator which is currently featured on Amazon Prime Video and Game TV. The show ran in over 160 countries with over 5 seasons of him doing business liquidating items and dealing with eccentric buyers and sellers. Awarded Top 3 Reality Show in the World at Banff Film Festival, Jeff's motto believes in bringing buyers and sellers together with everyone winning.  Jeff Schwarz, "The Liquidator" has been featured on: – Amazon Prime Video – Game TV – Hit Series "The Liquidator" – Marketwatch.com  – The Rush on Shaw TV – Global News BC – Toronto Star – Globe & Mail – CBC News – An announcer at the Canada Reel Screen Awards & Leo Awards – Breakfast Television – Plus Numerous Appearances in TV and Movie  Jeff is the owner of Direct Liquidation and Direct Auctions and has a strong passion for giving back.  To that end, Jeff and all the team at Direct Auctions and Direct Liquidation is proud and honored to partner with the Memorial Ribbon Society. Throughout 2024 Jeff and his valued sponsor partners will be auctioning off cool items in each auction with all proceeds going direct to the families of the Memorial Ribbon Society Charity. If you have something you would like to donate for auction to this amazing cause, please contact Jeff directly at jeff@directlquidation.ca 604 779-8081. If you would like to view the lots offered at auction, please visit directauctions.ca 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509867/jeff-the-liquidator-joins-forces-with-major-donors-to-empower-memorial-ribbon-society-in-exciting-auction-event) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 