# iuvo Ranked on Channel Futures 2024 MSP 501—Tech Industry's Most Prestigious List of Managed Service Providers Worldwide

BOSTON, MA, June 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- iuvo has been named as one of the world's top-performing managed service providers in the prestigious 2024 Channel Futures MSP 501 rankings for the 6th year in a row. The Channel Futures MSP 501 list, a technology industry benchmark, ranks companies based on their growth, profitability and innovation.  For the past 17 years, managed service providers around the globe have submitted applications for inclusion on this prestigious and definitive listing. It is a milestone achievement for any managed services organization to be included on the list. The Channel Futures MSP 501 survey uses a quantitative methodology to rank companies based on their annual revenue, profitability measured by EBITDA, and recurring revenue. The methodology has been developed by a Who's-Who in the managed services industry.  MSPs that qualify for the list must also pass a rigorous review conducted by the Channel Futures research team and editors. Channel Futures ranks applicants using a unique methodology that weighs financial performance according to long-term health and viability, commitment to recurring revenue and operational efficiency.  Channel Futures is pleased to name iuvo to the 2024 MSP 501.  "To echo Dave Raffo, MSP editor, this has been a challenging market in a fiercely competitive industry, so emerging on top is a testament to not only our commitment to our customers, but also shows how gritty we have been. We have had to work hard to keep our value and services high while many of our competitors are driving down their prices and value," said iuvo's President & CEO, Bryon Beilman. "Our entire company of iuvonauts are very proud to be recognized."  When asked about the key strategies or innovations he believes contributed to iuvo's inclusion in the MSP 501 list Bryon stated, "We have a philosophy of relentlessly focusing on the needs of our customers. We released a few new productized services over the last year based on us listening to the needs of our customers and creating something novel that would make their business better, more secure, resilient, and compliant. Our focus on automation through a DevOps approach of managing our customers infrastructure using a code-based approach allows us to provide enterprise class features at a midmarket price."   He went on to say, "Just like the MSP 501 showcases the top 1% of the world (as there are reportedly 150,000 MSPs globally), we have found that we are solidly in the top 5% of MSPS that we encounter based on capabilities, customer service and value. Our NPS score of 80 is well over double the MSP average and our IT Consultants have an average of 24 years of experience so our customers get great customer service with unparalleled technical acumen. I feel lucky to have been included in this award, because we often defy the perception of what an MSP can deliver. One of our customers recently told me that iuvo is by far the best IT support company that they have experienced in their career. That type of feedback helps us get up every morning willing to do even better."  This year's list is one of the most competitive in the survey's history. Winners will be recognized on the Channel Futures website and honored during a special ceremony at MSP Summit, Sept 16-19, 2024 in Atlanta, GA.  The MSP 501 represents the best in the technology services industry delivering outstanding vendor and platform neutral advice and value to small, midsized and enterprise customers. This year, the MSP 501 generated aggregate revenue of nearly $25 billion with average growth or recurring revenue of 19%. These are truly the best of the best. Many of their services and technology offerings focus on customer needs in the areas of AI, cloud, security, collaboration, networking, help desk and remote monitoring and management.  The Channel Futures MSP 501 is responsible for keeping their global customers safe, connected and efficient.  "The 2024 Channel Futures MSP 501 winners survived a challenging market and emerged as the highest performing and most innovative IT providers in the industry today," said Dave Raffo, MSP editor and MSP 501 project manager. "The most impressive thing about the MSP 501 winners is they deliver for their customers every day. These are the most innovative, driven, and successful MSPs in a fiercely competitive industry."  "For a managed service provider to attain a spot on the Channel Futures MSP 501 everything must be operating at peak performance. This list represents the most productive, profitable, fastest-growing, organizations in the technology industry focused on driving their customers to new heights." said Bob DeMarzo, VP Content, Informa Channels.  "These are the best of the best in the managed services industry as defined by Channel Futures' extensive research. The MSP 501 companies are the most sought after by peers who want to understand today's best practices and by technology suppliers who want to partner with these organizations," DeMarzo stated. "At their core, these are vendor and platform neutral partners focused on doing what is right for their customers."  The Channel Futures media organization, owned and operated by Informa, is the only channel-centric events, media and research company that can provide such insight into the managed services market.  The data collected by the annual MSP 501 helps every company on the list and every provider with a managed services practice, benchmark their performance and uncover new ways to grow.  Background  The 2024 MSP 501 list is based on confidential data collected and analyzed by the Channel Futures research and editorial teams. Data was collected online from February to May, 2024. The MSP 501 list recognizes top managed service providers based on metrics including recurring revenue, profit margin and other factors.  About Channel Futures  Channel Futures is a media and events destination for the information technology and communications industry. We provide information, perspective, and connection for the entire channel ecosystem, including solution providers (SPs), managed service providers (MSPs), managed security service providers (MSSPs), cloud service providers (CSPs), value-added resellers (VARs) and distributors, technology solutions brokerages, subagent and agents, as well as leading technology vendor partners and communication providers.  Channel Futures is where the world meets the channel; we are leading Channel Partners forward. Our properties include awards programs such as the Channel Futures MSP 501, a list of the most influential and fastest-growing providers of managed services in the technology industry; Channel Partners events, which delivers unparalleled in-person events including Channel Partners Conference & Expo and MSP Summit. More information is available at channelfutures.com. Channel Futures is part of Informa Tech, a leading provider of market insight and market access to the global business technology community. Through in-depth expertise and an engaged audience community, Informa Tech helps business professionals make better technology decisions and marketers reach the most powerful tech buyers and influencers in the world. Across its portfolio of over 100+ trusted brands, Informa Tech has over 1000 industry experts, including over 400 research analysts and consultants in global research group Omdia, and a monthly audience reach of over 125 million. Informa Tech is a division of FTSE 100 company Informa plc.  About iuvo  iuvo is a Boston-based IT consulting company and managed services partner offering professional IT services and solutions to the businesses that are driving innovation and growth all over the US. Since 2007 we've been disrupting the IT industry to bring exceptional service to co-managed and in-house IT teams across the nation. Our core belief is that information technology should accelerate the growth of your business and not be a constraint. Managed Services, IT Consulting & Strategy, Virtual CIO, Secure AI, DevOps, Security Services, Cloud Services and more are part of our offerings to make our clients successful. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511695/iuvo-ranked-on-channel-futures-2024-msp-501tech-industrys-most-prestigious-list-of-managed-service-providers-worldwide)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1do01tk/iuvo_named_topperforming_managed_service_provider/