# Meryska's Loc Maintenance Accepting New Clients at Salon and Spa Galleria Grapevine

GRAPEVINE, TX, June 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Alexander Graham Bell once said, "When one door closes, another door opens." When Meryska Taylor lost her job of six years, she didn't have to wait long for the next door to open.  "I had relocated to Texas, and had been at that job for six years," Taylor said. "It was a surprise, but I knew almost immediately what I wanted to do next. Hair has always been my passion, so I decided to pursue a career in something that I actually love," she added.  With no formal training, Taylor knew she had to rely on the 13 years of experience she already had to get the ball rolling. That, combined with five years of business experience, was all she needed to take the plunge and open the door on her own business — Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC at Salon and Spa Galleria Grapevine.  Taylor also realized that to run a successful business, she had to stand out in the crowd. Fortunately for her, that was easy. Known for her professionalism and energy, Taylor is proudly passionate about what she does.  "I work from my soul," Taylor said. "I try to give 100 percent to each client, and I take pride in growing and nurturing my clients' locs." Taylor said she loves a challenge, whether it's doing locs on an 18-month-old baby, or on a client who's gone more than a year since the last retwist.  Taylor offers myriad services in addition to locs. She provides deep washes, scalp massages, Ayurvedic treatments and tea rinses for scalp and hair health. Her own brand of handmade products, Meryska's Loc Maintenance Line, includes oil, rosewater and shampoo and is available for purchase, along with vitamins and accessories. She also teaches holistic practices that cater to the health and balance of hair and scalp.  Initially, Taylor started out as a mobile-based loctician, and soon realized she was ready for her own space. She was delighted to find that Salon and Spa Grapevine filled the bill for all her needs, especially the location, as it is centrally located to her current mobile-based clientele.  In close proximity to several large businesses and shopping areas, Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC at Salon and Spa Galleria Grapevine is a convenient location for clients. Several major interchanges and roadways are nearby, allowing easy access from any direction.  As a special promotion, Taylor is offering a free simple style for new clients during the month of July. A simple style includes installation of one or two barrel rolls, one or two ponytails, bun, half up/half down ponytail, or pineapple.  Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC offers services daily from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Early-morning or late-night appointments are available for an additional fee. Walk-ins and same-day appointments are welcome. Schedule your appointment now via Taylor's booking site or text her at (417) 379-8560. To learn more about Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC, visit Taylor's Facebook page, TikTok page or Instagram page.  About Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC Owned and operated by Meryska Taylor, Meryska's Loc Maintenance LLC is located inside the Salon and Spa Galleria Grapevine. Also available is a selection of vitamins, accessories, and Meryska's Loc Maintenance Line of hair products.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With 23 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental salons. To inquire about space for rent in the Salon and Spa Galleria Grapevine, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511970/meryskas-loc-maintenance-accepting-new-clients-at-salon-and-spa-galleria-grapevine)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/StartupBusinessNews/comments/1do01rq/passion_for_hair_leads_to_new_business_venture/