# Craig, Kelley & Faultless Partner, Scott A. Faultless, Achieves Recertification in Truck Accident Law from the National Board of Trial Advocacy

INDIANAPOLIS, IN, May 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Craig, Kelley & Faultless, a nationally recognized personal injury firm, is proud to announce that Scott A. Faultless, a founding member and partner of the law firm, has successfully achieved recertification for the next five years as a truck accident law advocate which is awarded by the National Board of Trial Advocacy (NBTA) and accredited by the American Bar Association (ABA). Board certification conveys that an attorney has done the extra work to be certified in a specific legal field. At the time of Scott's recertification, only seventy-four (74) attorneys were board-certified in truck accident law by the NBTA.  The NBTA's board certification in truck accident law was designed specifically to create an objective set of standards illustrating an attorney's experience and expertise in the practice of truck accident trial law. Board Certification is the highest, most stringent, and most reliable honor an attorney can achieve with strict standards set to become board certified. Choosing an attorney that is board-certified in truck accident law means hiring an attorney with:  -	demonstration of substantial trial experience -	extensive knowledge of truck accident law by passing a written examination  -	submission of judicial and peer references to attest to their accomplishments in truck accident law -	attendance of continuing legal education courses in truck accident law including writing articles and books, participation in truck accident law organizations, and speaking at truck accident law conferences, etc. -	proof of good standing and adherence to high ethical standards through enrollment in ethics courses, and seminars, participation in ethics-based organizations, etc.   Scott grew up in Greene County, Indiana, before receiving his bachelor's degree from Indiana University in 1988. He graduated from Indiana University's Robert H. McKinney School of Law in 1991. Scott was one of the founding members of Craig, Kelley & Faultless in 1999. Scott has dedicated his career to helping seriously injured victims of commercial motor vehicle accidents recover just compensation for their injuries.   He is a trial attorney who has argued in front of the Indiana Supreme Court, the Indiana Court of Appeals, and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit in Chicago. Scott sits on the Board of Regents for the Academy of Truck Accident Attorneys (ATAA) - that requires board certification in truck accident law. He has written extensively and made presentations before the ATAA, the Association of Plaintiff Interstate Trucking Lawyers of America, and the Indiana Trial Lawyers Association (ITLA).   For his public service and work as a lawyer, Scott was honored with the Sagamore of the Wabash award, one of the highest honors bestowed by the Governor of Indiana. He also has been recognized by the National Trial Lawyers Association as a Top 10 Trucking Trial Lawyer and a Top 100 Trial Lawyer. He has also been identified on the 2024 Indiana Super Lawyers List. Scott was selected by his peers for inclusion in the 30th Edition of The Best Lawyers in America® in the practice area of Personal Injury Litigation – Plaintiffs. In 2020, 2022 and 2024, Scott received the President's Award from the Indiana Trial Lawyers Association in recognition of his dedication to standing up for injured people and pursuing civil justice.  Scott Faultless' law firm, Craig, Kelley & Faultless, have built their practice to successfully battle dangerous trucking companies, reckless drivers, unsafe businesses, and unreasonable insurance companies. They limit their practice to representing people who have been seriously injured or killed by the carelessness of others. The firm handles cases involving semi-trucks, wrongful death, and other catastrophic injury cases throughout the United States.  About Craig, Kelley & Faultless   Craig, Kelley & Faultless is headquartered in Indianapolis and they have several offices in Indiana and an office in St. Louis, Missouri. They handle cases throughout the country and have attorneys licensed in Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, and Ohio. Craig, Kelley & Faultless can be contacted at 1-800-746-0226 and additional information can be found at www.ckflaw.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ckflaw, or on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/craig-kelley-&-faultless-attorneys-at-law. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511167/craig-kelley-faultless-partner-scott-a-faultless-achieves-recertification-in-truck-accident-law-from-the-national-board-of-trial-advocacy) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 