# EXIT FACTOR FRANCHISE EXPANDS TO HAVERHILL, MA, AIDING BUSINESS OWNERS WITH EXIT AND LEGACY PLANNING

HAVERHILL, MA, May 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Exit Factor™, a leading business consulting franchise specializing in exit planning for small to mid-sized companies, proudly announces the opening of its newest location in Haverhill, MA. The franchise welcomes Scott Proposki, owner and operator of Exit Factor Essex County, to the network.  Amidst the challenges faced by business owners, particularly during uncertain times like the global pandemic, Exit Factor offers tailored exit plans aimed at safeguarding the long-term value of businesses. With a proven process, Exit Factor empowers owners to take control of their businesses by maximizing profit, efficiency, and value from day one, regardless of their immediate intentions to sell.  Scott Proposki, with a rich background spanning two decades in event and hospitality business and as a former National Geographic and White House photographer, understands firsthand the need for rapid adaptation in tumultuous times. Recognizing the critical importance of a clear exit and business strategy, Proposki embarked on his journey as an Exit Factor owner, leveraging his extensive experience and resources to support fellow business owners in navigating unpredictable obstacles.  "As an entrepreneur, I've learned the value of time – something money can't buy more of," said Proposki. "Joining a franchise like Exit Factor is akin to investing in time. With a well-established framework in place, from personnel to processes, it accelerates the path to positive and profitable outcomes."  Founded by best-selling author, speaker, and small-business advocate Jessica Fialkovich, Exit Factor has a proven track record of helping businesses plan for profitability and maximize their company's value. Fialkovich's expertise stems from her background as a business broker and owner of a Transworld Business Advisors® franchise, where she developed strategies to increase value, profitability, and scalability for businesses.  "We're immensely proud of Exit Factor's success in helping businesses plan for profitability and maximize value," said Jessica Fialkovich. "With Scott joining our team, we're excited to extend our reach and assist even more business owners in achieving their goals."  Exit Factor's program participants have experienced significant returns. Within the first year, clients have seen a 25% increase in profit and a remarkable 56.7% increase in the value of their businesses, with a 100% success rate for those who have decided to sell.  "Choosing not to pursue this opportunity was never an option; it was about how quickly we could connect with the right clients," added Proposki.  Exit Factor is part of the United Franchise Group™ (UFG) family of affiliated brands and consultants, known for its commitment to excellence in service, reliability, and value.  About Exit Factor  Exit Factor™ offers a proven method that helps small to mid-size business owners maximize their company's value. It's part of the United Franchise Group™ (UFG) family of affiliated brands and consultants representing the best of their industries. Through one-on-one consulting services and online programs, the trusted advisors at Exit Factor teach entrepreneurs how to successfully improve their company's efficiency, value and ultimately ability to exit. For more information, visit www.ExitFactor.com and for more information on owning a Exit Factor franchise, visit www.exitfactorfranchise.com.  About United Franchise Group Led by CEO Ray Titus, United Franchise Group™ (UFG) is home to an affiliated family of brands and consultants including Signarama®, Fully Promoted®, Transworld Business Advisors®, Exit Factor™, Accurate Franchising Inc.™, Franchise Real Estate™, the Vast Coworking Group™ division comprised of Venture X®, Office Evolution® and Intelligent Office®, and Big Flavor Brands™ with The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, Graze Craze® and Cannoli Kitchen Pizza®. UFG affiliated brands include over 1600 franchises in more than 60 countries, with consultants that have helped develop over 350 brands into franchises, in over 60 countries with more than 2500 franchisees. With over three decades in the franchising industry United Franchise Group offers unprecedented leadership and solid business opportunities for entrepreneurs. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511145/exit-factor-franchise-expands-to-haverhill-ma-aiding-business-owners-with-exit-and-legacy-planning) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 