# Get Free Wig From Nadula New Fashion Launched Activity

LOS ANGELES, CA, May 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Do you want to get a free high-quality human hair wig? Nadula Hair is launching an interesting new fashion launched activity and tape it my way challenge activity on May 22th. NEW Pre-Everything One-Hair For All pre-work Saver 13x4 Lace Front Wig is our new fashion launched. You just need to join our tape it my way challenge activity to get cash back or free hair.  Pre-Everything Lace Front Wigs Launched Activity  Activity Time: From 22th May. 2024 To 4th Jun. 2024 Activity Content: Extra 20% Off on the Following 5 Products:  You can click here to know more about the new fashion launched activity.  1.Pre Everything Wig 2.0 ™ | Nadula 13x4 Black With Blonde Highlights 3D Body Wave Glueless Lace Frontal Put on and Go Wig 2.Ameera's Same | Nadula Yaki Straight and Kinky Straight 13x4 Pre Everything Wig 2.0™ Transparent Lace Put on and Go Wig Deep Part 3.Pre everything Wig 2.0™| Nadula Ash Blonde 13x4 Lace Front Body Wave Put On and Go Glueless Wig Deep Part 4.Pre everything Wig 2.0™| Nadula 7x5 and 13x4 Lace Front Kinky Curly Real Ear to Ear Lace Put on and Go Frontal Wig 5.Pre everything Wig 2.0™| Nadula 13x4 Lace Reddish Brown Water Wave Real Ear to Ear Lace Put on and Go Frontal Wig  Activity Time: From 5th Jun. 2024 To 11th Jun. 2024 Extra Up To 12% Off + Tape It My Way Challenge Activity  Activity Rules: 1.Create A Video Showcasing How Easy You Tape Your Pre- Everything Wig Your Way. 2.Post lt On IG/FB/TikTok Or Nadula Feed (Link In Bio) To Enter The Challenge. 3.Tag @Nadula And Use The Hashtags #NadulaPreEverythingWig #TapeltMyWay  Activity Prize: 1.$20 Refund: All participants will get $20 Cash Refund. 2.Full Refund: Reach 500 Likes to receive a Full Cash Refund. Note: Each order only once refund, and for full refund only to pre-everything wig in your order. Customers who have not purchased can also apply for Free Wig on this page, and 50 Free Wig will eventually be selected for gift.  Why Choose Pre-Everything Lace Front Wig? Glueless Ease Meets 13x4 Ear-to-Ear Lace, Nadula Pre-Everything Wig—a full-look frontal glueless wig! With the upgraded peelable magic ear tab, it's a great time-saver. Just 30s to put on and go, right out of the box. Deep Parting Style:  13x4 Ear To Ear Lace Size Pre-Everything: .Pre-Cut 13 Inch Frontal Lace .Pre-Taped Magic Ear Tab .Pre-Styled Salon Quality .Pre-Bleached Knots .Pre-Plucked Hairline One-Stop Glueless: Installation Magic Ear Tab, Ready in 30S, Detachable Elastic Bands, Dual Adjustment. One Hair for All:  Fitted 3D Dome Cap, 3x Adjustment, All Heads, All Styles. Melt With All Skin Tones: Nadula Invisible Lace For A Seamless Skin Melt. One Wig Endless Parting: From Middle To Side,Updos To Ponytails.  Find your perfect full-look lace frontal pre-everything glueless wig, we've completed all the pre-work for you. You'll receive a final-look wig right out of the box.  Nadula Hair As a global human hair brand, They have always insisted on providing wigs with high standards and reasonable prices. Their mission is to accompany women across the globe to be confident, bold, and brave to be themselves.  Nadula is a hair company that was founded in 2001 and is a fashionable luxury brand with a global vision. Since its establishment, Nadula Hair has always followed its original intention: to inspire everyone to become more confident and bold. Be confident, Be bold, Be you. These are the motivations for Nadula to keep moving forward, so that more people can witness a more beautiful self. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511135/get-free-wig-from-nadula-new-fashion-launched-activity)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1czewtn/nadula_hair_launches_new_fashion_activity_with/