# NetCom Learning Introduces Comprehensive Microsoft Copilot Training Courses Tailored for Business Excellence

NEW YORK, NY, May 24, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- NetCom Learning, a globally renowned provider of IT and business training solutions, proudly unveils its latest skilling initiative aimed at accelerating AI adoption among businesses and professionals. Their expanding suite of highly customizable training courses focus on Copilot adoption across the entire Microsoft Cloud stack - including Microsoft 365, Power Platform, Security, GitHub, and beyond. These meticulously crafted solutions are designed to equip professionals with the essential skills to harness the full potential of GenAI-powered Copilot – revolutionizing productivity and innovation across various industries.  NetCom Learning believes in the transformative potential of Copilot in truly democratizing AI. With a vision to support businesses with an end-to-end skilling roadmap in building confidence and accelerating their Copilot adoption, NetCom Learning is complementing the official courses being launched by Microsoft, with additional customized Copilot skilling solutions – developed and delivered by their top-rated Microsoft Certified Trainers (MCTs). With 2,300+ learners having already started their Copilot skilling journey with NetCom Learning, their goal with this initiative is to empower the Microsoft partner ecosystem with the skills to embrace Copilot – enhancing productivity, streamlining operations, and gaining a competitive edge in this ever-evolving AI-powered tech landscape.  As one of the first Microsoft partners to proactively adopt M365 Copilot, NetCom Learning views the Copilot adoption process as a highly personalized journey. Each organization and team's workflow is unique, influencing how each user interacts with the tools to generate specific outcomes. Their Copilot courses are customized to meet the unique needs of various industries, such as Healthcare, Financial Services, and Government; as well as different job roles, including Marketing, Sales, HR, Finance, and IT. These bespoke solutions provide a hands-on approach to skill building, demonstrating Copilot in action across different use cases. This ensures participants gain both theoretical knowledge and practical skills needed to effectively deploy and adopt Copilot within their organizations.  "In today's dynamic digital landscape, mastery is key. As a pioneer in the field, NetCom Learning is proud to be one of the first to offer comprehensive and customizable Copilot skilling solutions. Leveraging our expertise as a Microsoft Training Services Partner for the Microsoft AI Cloud, we are uniquely positioned to provide top-notch training solutions that empower professionals and organizations to thrive in an AI-driven world. Our commitment to innovation and transformative learning experiences sets us apart, providing clients with a distinct competitive edge." Russell Sarder CEO at NetCom Learning  "In a world increasingly enriched with Microsoft AI advancements, we applaud NetCom Learning's dedication and focus on driving Copilot training. The specialized Copilot courses are designed to reflect the specific demands of various industries and job roles, and stand as a testament to their commitment to help equip our customers with the cutting-edge skills and insights required to navigate and lead this new era of AI" Geoff Hirsch Head of Training Channel at Microsoft  For more information about NetCom Learning's Microsoft Copilot courses and enrollment details, please visit: https://www.netcomlearning.com/product/microsoft-copilot  About NetCom Learning  NetCom Learning helps build innovative learning organizations in the workplace by structuring a smarter workforce, supporting changes, and driving growth. With more than 23 years of experience, NetCom Learning has been empowering innovative learning organizations to adapt and drive growth in this fast-paced world by closing critical skill gaps and ensuring smooth deployment, implementation, and consumption through authorized training delivered by Certified Trainers on vendors such as Microsoft, AWS, AI Certs, Google Cloud, EC-Council, CompTIA, and more. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511157/netcom-learning-introduces-comprehensive-microsoft-copilot-training-courses-tailored-for-business-excellence)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/technology_press/comments/1czewji/netcom_learning_unveils_skilling_initiative_to/