# Aaron's War, Bestselling Historical Fiction Ebook, Will Be Available At No Charge July 23 Through July 25, 2024

WILMINGTON, NC, July 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Richard McMaster, author of the bestselling historical fiction novel Aaron's War, has announced the ebook version will be available at no charge at Amazon July 23 through July 25, 2024.  Aaron's War is a masterpiece that will likely take its place as one of the best WWII historical fiction novels ever written.  Aaron Vanko, an innocent Iowa farm boy, faces the ultimate test that countless veterans have grappled with throughout history: the harrowing decision to take another's life in the name of duty.  But just as Aaron prepares to embark on this mission, a stunning revelation threatens to upend his entire world: he learns of his Jewish heritage, a discovery that shatters his sense of identity and his relationship with the love of his life.  Despite his fears, Aaron moves ahead, fueled by an unwavering sense of duty and patriotism. But now, he must wage war on two fronts - battling the enemy outside who seek to eradicate the Jewish race, and the inner with ethical dilemma that rages within his own soul.  Aaron is taken on an unforgettable journey of self-discovery, courage, and sacrifice, as he confronts the darkest corners of human nature and emerges forever changed.  The ebook will be available July 23 through July 25 at https://www.amazon.com/stores/Richard-McMaster/author/B01LDIJ2QU?ref=ap_rdr&isDramIntegrated=true&shoppingPortalEnabled=true.  Readers and reviewers has have praised Aaron's War. USA Today bestselling author Holly Roberts called Aarons War, "A coming of age story that grips your soul and takes you on a thought-provoking journey." Tom Porter, author of All I Need To Know About Business I Learned From A Duck stated, "An engaging, informative and thought-provoking tale of survival, love and faith. Make room for Richard McMaster on your list of up-and-coming authors." Lynn M. Safris said, "The descriptions and details given throughout this author's writing draw the reader into each page, making Aaron's journey feel like their own. I believe this book would appeal to a wide audience of readers. I truly enjoyed reading Aaron's War and I highly recommend this book."  Richard McMaster is also the author of A Love Divided By Time, described as "one part The Notebook, one part suspenseful psychopath story, and one part Somewhere in Time." In that book, Forrest and Allie believed they found love in a previous life and being born again was a game of hide-and-seek to find each other in plain sight, seeking their better halves, united and whole. When tragedy strikes, Forrest makes a pact to find her killer, raise their daughter and find peace by joining her in the ever after.  Richard McMaster is available for media interviews and can be reached at Lifevoyages@gmail.com. More information is available at his website at https://richard-mcmaster.com/. All of his books are available at Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/stores/Richard-McMaster/author/B01LDIJ2QU?ref=ap_rdr&isDramIntegrated=true&shoppingPortalEnabled=true.  About Richard McMaster:  Richard McMaster is a former health care executive who led three different start-up companies and served on numerous boards. He is an Iowa native who lived in North Idaho for nearly twenty years and now resides in Phoenix, Arizona.  As a young man two career paths diverged, the safe and ready one and the less traveled lonely winding one with an uncertain destination--the writer. He chose the well-worn path and early career success pushed him further along the business path. But the path has now taken him back to the one he wished he had taken. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512724/aarons-war-bestselling-historical-fiction-ebook-will-be-available-at-no-charge-july-23-through-july-25-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1e9812f/bestselling_author_richard_mcmaster_offers_free/