# BurgerFi® Celebrates National Chicken Wing Day with $5 Jumbo Chicken Wings

FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, July 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BurgerFi®, owned by BurgerFi International, Inc., is continuing to give chicken enthusiasts something to celebrate on National Chicken Wing Day. On Monday, July 29, BurgerFi will be offering $5 Jumbo Chicken Wings with the purchase of any beverage. Be sure to grab your favorite wingman and head over to BurgerFi!  "We know that premium chicken offerings are what guests want which is why we have added wings and new sandwiches," said Carl Bachmann, Chief Executive Officer for BurgerFi International. "We are dedicated to continually innovating our menu to excite our guests, and the enthusiasm for our Jumbo Chicken Wings is a testament to this commitment. Whether you're trying BurgerFi's chicken wings for the first time or are a loyal fan, we're thrilled to celebrate National Chicken Wing Day with all our Fi-natics."  BurgerFi's Jumbo Chicken Wings are fresh, never frozen, and fried to crispy perfection, then sauced and tossed to order. Wings are available in three flavors: seasoned Original, Memphis Sweet BBQ, and Frank's RedHot® Buffalo. The wings are served with a choice of Blue Cheese or Ranch.   "BurgerFi is known for our Chef-crafted sauces, and we are constantly testing in our New York City Better Burger Lab restaurant," said Cindy Syracuse, Chief Marketing Officer. "We have new Lemon Pepper and Thai Chili wing sauces in the Lab where guests can try them as a sneak peek."  The National Chicken Wing Day offer will be available all day at participating BurgerFi locations for dine-in customers only. This offer is not valid for online pickup, phone orders, app orders, delivery, or third-party delivery services.  For more information about BurgerFi, visit www.BurgerFi.com or follow them on Facebook or Instagram @BurgerFi. BurgerFi offers dine-in, takeout, and online ordering for pickup or delivery via the BurgerFi App and website. The app is available through the App Store or Google Play.  About BurgerFi International (Nasdaq: BFI, BFIIW) BurgerFi® is chef-founded and committed to serving fresh, all-natural and quality food at all locations, online and via first-party and third-party deliveries. BurgerFi was named "The Very Best Burger" at the 2023 edition of the nationally acclaimed SOBE Wine and Food Festival, awarded #1 "Best Fast Food Burger" in USA Today's 10 Best Readers' Choice Awards, "Best Fast Casual Restaurant" in USA Today's 10 Best 2024 Readers' Choice Awards for the fourth consecutive year, and Fast Casual's Top Ten Brands for 11 consecutive years. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512715/burgerfi-celebrates-national-chicken-wing-day-with-5-jumbo-chicken-wings)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1e981cb/burgerfi_celebrates_national_chicken_wing_day/