# SageHome Inc. Promotes Joe Gorman to CEO and Celebrates Continued National Expansion

ATLANTA, GA, July 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- SageHome Inc., the largest provider of aging-in-place bath remodeling services in the United States, is pleased to announce a strategic leadership transition that underlines SageHome's commitment to sustained growth and operational excellence.   Brian Hutto, co-founder and CEO, has been appointed Vice Chairman of the SageHome board – a move that maintains his involvement with SageHome, while allowing him to honor other commercial commitments. As Vice Chair, Brian will advise the board and executive team on strategic initiatives. The board is delighted that SageHome will continue to benefit from Brian's deep industry knowledge, invaluable insights, and support during the next phase of SageHome's growth.   Joe Gorman, co-founder, and Chief Operating Officer, has been promoted to Chief Executive Officer. Joe brings extensive experience in leadership, strategy and operations, having served previously as COO for Barnes & Noble and GNC, and held senior positions at Home Depot. With his proven track record at SageHome and across the broader retail landscape, the board believes Joe is best placed to guide the company through its next phase of growth.   Lee Hess, Chairman of SageHome, explained, "On behalf of everyone at SageHome, I would like to congratulate Joe on his new role. As a co-founder of SageHome, he was the obvious successor to Brian – their vision and goals for the business have been completely aligned from the very outset and Joe has played a pivotal role in SageHome's growth. We expect this transition to be seamless and that SageHome will continue on its successful growth trajectory. Additionally, I am particularly pleased to have Brian Hutto take on the critical role of Vice Chairman, where his strategic insights will be of greatest benefit to the company."  Stuart Whiteford, Managing Director, who co-leads Cairngorm Capital's investment in SageHome, added, "We would like to thank Brian for his considerable contribution and dedication to SageHome during a period of intense growth. We extend our congratulations to Joe, who is a very worthy successor and who we are confident will lead SageHome with the same vision and commitment, ensuring the continued success and growth of the company. Thanks to their combined leadership, SageHome is in great shape and ready to take full advantage of the opportunities that await it."  Joe Gorman, SageHome's CEO, said in tribute of his team, "In the three years since SageHome's inception, we have made huge gains to become the biggest aging-in-place bathroom company in the United States. We have grown our presence from six states to 24, tripled our headcount, and quadrupled our revenue to $160m. This has been a collective endeavor, involving everybody in the firm and I am especially proud to have accomplished it without compromising our values or principles as an employer."  For further information, please call Katherine Ritchie on +44 7941 040 021  Notes for editors  SageHome is a home services organization with a mission of providing stylish home modifications for people who want to age in place gracefully. The company's focus is on building a national solution for all seniors through acquisitive and organic growth. As most senior slips, falls, and injuries occur in the bathroom, SageHome's initial focus on the bathroom allows it to make the greatest impact societally, by providing safer bathrooms in the states in which it operates. SageHome is now the largest provider of aging-in-place bath remodeling services in the United States, operating from 24 states across the West, Midwest, Southeast, and New England. sagehome.com  Cairngorm Capital Partners LLP is a specialist private investment firm providing equity capital and management expertise to leading companies in the UK and the USA. It invests in strongly performing, mid-market growth companies, operating in sectors that demonstrate long-term demand growth, and in which our team has deep experience – aging in place; repair, maintenance & improvement of properties; wealth management; and sustainability. The firm's goal is to build and realize value through growth and performance improvements. Cairngorm Capital's unique mix of sectoral expertise and investment skill enables our team to be actively involved in the strategy and operational focus of portfolio companies, partnering with management teams to grow revenue, enhance margins, improve cash flow, or consolidate industry leadership positions. Cairngorm Capital 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512703/sagehome-inc-promotes-joe-gorman-to-ceo-and-celebrates-continued-national-expansion) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 