# InMed Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: INM) Announces Exciting INM-901 Data

InMed Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: INM), a leader in the manufacturing, development and commercialization of rare cannabinoids and proprietary cannabinoid analogs, today announced that recent data from preclinical studies confirms INM-901, a proprietary small molecule drug candidate, as an oral formulation that will be utilized in the company’s development programs for Alzheimer’s disease. The data shows that the INM-901 formulation can be administered orally and maintains similar drug exposure and therapeutic levels as intraperitoneal (“IP”) delivery over a 24-hour period in the brain. The announcement noted that the oral delivery method offers potential advantages such as lower treatment delivery costs.

 “We are excited by the recent data confirming that INM-901 can be delivered across the blood brain barrier to the brain tissue as an oral formulation which provides significant advantages for further development of this compound in the treatment of Alzheimer’s. Similar drug levels in the target tissue are not usually seen between oral versus IP delivery. The supporting data generated by the oral formulation provides an attractive therapeutic approach given the many challenges associated with delivery of drug(s) to the brain,” said Michael Woudenberg, InMed’s Chief Operating Officer and SVP of Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (“CMC”).

 To view the full press release, visit https://ibn.fm/00aDz

 About InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.

 InMed Pharmaceuticals is a global leader in the manufacturing, development and commercialization of rare cannabinoids and proprietary cannabinoid analogs. Together with its subsidiary, BayMedica, InMed has unparalleled cannabinoid manufacturing capabilities to serve a spectrum of consumer markets, including pharmaceutical and health and wellness. It is a clinical-stage company developing a pipeline of rare cannabinoid therapeutics and dedicated to delivering new treatment alternatives to patients that may benefit from cannabinoid-based pharmaceutical drugs. For more information, visit www.InMedPharma.com.

 NOTE TO INVESTORS: The latest news and updates relating to INM are available in the company’s newsroom at https://ibn.fm/INM

 About BioMedWire

 BioMedWire (“BMW”) is a specialized communications platform with a focus on the latest developments in the Biotechnology (BioTech), Biomedical Sciences (BioMed) and Life Sciences sectors. It is one of 60+ brands within the Dynamic Brand Portfolio @ IBN that delivers: (1) access to a vast network of wire solutions via InvestorWire to efficiently and effectively reach a myriad of target markets, demographics and diverse industries; (2) article and editorial syndication to 5,000+ outlets; (3) enhanced press release enhancement to ensure maximum impact; (4) social media distribution via IBN to millions of social media followers; and (5) a full array of tailored corporate communications solutions. With broad reach and a seasoned team of contributing journalists and writers, BMW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that want to reach a wide audience of investors, influencers, consumers, journalists and the general public. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, BMW brings its clients unparalleled recognition and brand awareness.

 BMW is where breaking news, insightful content and actionable information converge.

 To receive SMS alerts from BioMedWire, “Biotech” to 888-902-4192 (U.S. Mobile Phones Only)

 For more information, please visit https://www.BioMedWire.com

 Please see full terms of use and disclaimers on the BioMedWire website applicable to all content provided by BMW, wherever published or re-published: https://www.BioMedWire.com/Disclaimer

 BioMedWireSan Francisco, CAwww.BioMedWire.com415.949.5050 OfficeEditor@BioMedWire.com

 BioMedWire is powered by IBN 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://rss.investorbrandnetwork.com/ibn-prem/inmed-pharmaceuticals-nasdaq-inm-announces-exciting-inm-901-data/) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 