# Convesio Acquires WooCommerce Marketing Automation Platform Growmatik

NAPLES, FL, May 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Convesio, a high performance WooCommerce hosting platform, is excited to announce the acquisition of Growmatik, a cutting-edge marketing automation tool for WordPress and WooCommerce. This acquisition marks a significant step in Convesio's strategy to expand its technology stack and improve its market positioning by integrating comprehensive marketing automation capabilities into its suite of services.  Growmatik has been instrumental in helping their customers enhance ROI and reduce marketing costs through its advanced integration of product, customer, and marketing data. In particular, the company specializes in personalizing user experiences through emails, web content, and pop-ups based on sophisticated user behavior analysis and segmentation.   Growmatik has powered over 2 billion email sends for thousands of businesses worldwide, boasting a robust product architecture that promises substantial growth and scalability. Its tools are designed to boost business engagement, improve conversion rates, and build customer loyalty through targeted marketing campaigns and personalized content.  This strategic acquisition aims to enhance Convesio's offerings by leveraging Growmatik's proven capabilities to accelerate eCommerce growth for Convesio customers.   "Growmatik has been a leader in omnichannel marketing automation for WooCommerce, and Convesio is the ideal company to advance this mission," stated Roozbeh Firoozmand, CEO of Artbees, creators of Growmatik. "I'm excited about the future, as Growmatik's technology and vision align perfectly with Convesio's standards in engineering, security and scalability.  "Artbees is a team of seasoned WordPress entrepreneurs known for their successful ventures, including one of the most popular WordPress themes and a widely-used WooCommerce plugin," said Tom Fanelli, CEO of Convesio. "This background makes Growmatik not just an acquisition but a significant enhancement to our technology stack, enabling us to offer our clients a more robust, all-encompassing marketing solution."  About Convesio  Convesio is a scalable hosting platform founded in 2018, dedicated to empowering agencies and enterprises with scalable, secure WordPress hosting solutions. By leveraging cutting-edge technology and infrastructure, Convesio eliminates the complexities of traditional cloud providers, ensuring unmatched performance, availability, and scalability for eCommerce businesses seeking to scale WooCommerce and achieve remarkable growth.  For media inquiries, please contact:  Daryl Griffin Chief Marketing Officer  Email: info@convesio.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510977/convesio-acquires-woocommerce-marketing-automation-platform-growmatik) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 