# ATLANTA JOURNAL-CONSTITUTION NAMES TEKSTREAM SOLUTIONS A WINNER OF THE METRO ATLANTA TOP WORKPLACES 2024 AWARD

ATLANTA, GA, August 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- TekStream Solutions has been awarded a Top Workplaces 2024 honor by Atlanta Top Workplaces and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. This list is based solely on employee feedback gathered through a third-party survey administered by employee engagement technology partner Energage LLC. The confidential survey uniquely measures the employee experience and its component themes, including employees feeling Respected & Supported, Enabled to Grow, and Empowered to Execute, to name a few.   "Earning a Top Workplaces award is a badge of honor for companies, especially because it comes authentically from their employees," said Eric Rubino, Energage CEO. "That's something to be proud of. In today's market, leaders must ensure they're allowing employees to have a voice and be heard. That's paramount. Top Workplaces do this, and it pays dividends."   "It is an honor to be a winner of the top workplaces 2024 award. We are pleased to be recognized for the core values we aspire to as a company and our success is because of our employees. It is noteworthy that they nominated us for qualities like trusted leadership, strong values, meaningful work and company direction. We thank The Atlanta Journal-Constitution for this recognition," said TekStream Executive Vice President of Recruiting Services, Mark Gannon.  TekStream Solutions is an Atlanta-based technology solutions company that specializes in addressing the company-wide IT problems faced by enterprise businesses, such as consolidating and streamlining disparate content and application delivery systems and the market challenges to create "anytime, anywhere access" to data for employees, partners and customers. TekStream's IT consulting solutions, combined with its specialized IT recruiting expertise, helps businesses increase efficiencies, streamline costs and remain competitive in an extremely fast-changing market. Our mission is to use our extensive IT experience to deliver tangible business results enabling our clients to profit from the advanced use of technology. We strive to build long-term client relationships based on a shared vision for success and a relentless focus on quality delivery to exceed our client's expectations. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513221/atlanta-journal-constitution-names-tekstream-solutions-a-winner-of-the-metro-atlanta-top-workplaces-2024-award) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 