# Create Source Media's "2Way Love Ends Violence" Music Challenge

DENVER, CO, August 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Create Source Media, in collaboration with international distribution affiliate FUGA, is proud to announce the launch of the "2Way Love Ends Violence" International music challenge. This initiative accompanies the first major release under Create Source Media, the powerful World performance anthem "2Way Love Ends Violence," featuring Nigerian rapper and singer-songwriter Ejay Jemi and South African-Australian rapper, and songwriter Mkada released on all digital platforms on 8/19/2024.  Ejay Jemi, whose previous single caught the attention of dancer influencer Kida the Great and his 4.6 million Instagram followers, delivers a compelling chorus in "2Way Love Ends Violence": "Stop the violence, give back to people, we mean no evil, love is 2Way." The lyrics symbolize the struggle between the powerful and the powerless, while Mkada's verses delve into the devastating impact of violence on our youth rapping "We don't mean no evil, love is the better way for the people a two-way street".  Listen Here: (Link active on release date 8/19/2024) https://open.spotify.com/album/6GY4BwtVVKVqdL7h33YLTM  To further amplify the song's message, Create Source Media is launching the "2Way Love Ends Violence" International music challenge, inviting artists from around the world who stand against violence to participate. Artists are encouraged to submit videos of themselves performing 8 bars that tell their story of how love, going both ways, can cure violence. Submissions can be in any language, including subtext, and avoid profanity and hate speech, focusing instead on positive, impactful messages.  Create Source Media and Ejay will showcase select entries on their Instagram and website. In addition to gaining exposure, chosen artists will have the opportunity to be featured on the "2Way Love Ends Violence: The People Have Spoken" Remix. These artists will also be highlighted on Create Source Media's blog, further promoting their commitment to spreading love and ending violence.  "Our goal with this challenge is to inspire a global conversation through music about the importance of mutual respect and understanding as a path to ending violence," said Curtis Johnson, Executive Creator of Create Source Media. "We believe that by giving artists a platform to share their voices, we can create a ripple effect that brings about real change."  How to Participate: Record an 8-bar video performance expressing your story of how love can end violence. Ensure your lyrics are free of profanity and hate speech. Make sure to include subtitles. Submit your video via Instagram by tagging @CreateSourceMedia @Ejay_Jemi and using the hashtag #2WayLoveEndsViolenceChallenge #2WayLoveEndsViolence #ejay_jemi #createsourcemedia #fuga #_sourcecreate. You can download the video challenge link from our bio. Tag and follow @createsourcemedia @ejay_jemi on IG, YT, and TikTok.  We will post and repost those with the most impactful contributions and tag your socials to bring impact to all audiences. Those selected will receive a $50 donation to the charity of their choice. A merchandise package worth $100, and a feature on the 2Way Love Ends Violence Remix with a $100 advance (will be under a separate agreement).  Visit www.createsourcemedia.com for more details and updates.  Join the movement to make love a universal language. Let your voice be heard in the "2Way Love Ends Violence" music challenge.  About Create Source Media: Create Source Media is a dynamic entertainment company dedicated to producing and distributing impactful music, film, and digital content. With a mission to inspire and uplift through creative expression, Create Source Media collaborates with artists worldwide to bring meaningful projects to life.  For more information, please visit www.createsourcemedia.com.  Empowering Creatives to Source Infinite Possibilities Innovation for a better tomorrow 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513359/create-source-medias-2way-love-ends-violence-music-challenge)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1evvmn0/create_source_media_launches_international_music/