# Department of Homeland Security Win: Chevo Wins CBP Enterprise Small Business (ESB) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)

ROCKVILLE, MD, May 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Chevo Consulting, LLC (Chevo ) is excited to announce our growing long-term partnership with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), as a prime awardee on the U.S. Customs and Border Protection's (CBP's) Enterprise Small Business (ESB) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) contract. Along with our Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) partner Aretum (Legacy Panum and Miracle Systems), Team Chevo  delivers an exceptional blend of expertise, in-depth knowledge of the CBP environment, and innovation to truly advance the mission of the organization. As one of seven Track 1 awardees of this $450M BPA, Chevo  will compete for and deliver Professional Services supporting CBP's Office of Information Technology (OIT) across seven task areas: Portfolio, Program & Project Management; Executive Administration, Communications and Engagement; Business Intelligence and Data Analytics; Business and Technology Transformation; Acquisition Management; Records and Information Management Support; and Logistics and Asset Management.   Of this recent win, Chevo Executive Vice President for Homeland Security and Defense, Greg Williams, stated: "Chevo  is beyond excited to be chosen for this award. We are honored to continue the partnership with CBP that we first established through our PMO support of the organization's License Plate Reader program. This contract provides an exceptional venue for us to offer our distinctive services across other technology initiatives to advance the support of CBP's mission." Chevo  President, Phil Sahady, added: "We view this award as a testament to our track record of great customer satisfaction in the IT Professional Services space across DHS and the Federal Government at large. Nothing gives us more satisfaction than the opportunity to broaden the scope of our partnership with the CBP through this strategically important vehicle."  Chevo Consulting, LLC (Chevo), a women-owned small business (WOSB), is focused on providing management consulting services to the Federal Government. Chevo serves as a Trusted Advisor, supporting our clients' long-term visions, from conception to implementation, by applying strategy, effective management, and communications. Chevo helps organizations change and evolve their business by providing a highly specialized range of Management Consulting services centered on Strategic, Acquisition, Portfolio, Project, and Financial Management. Chevo, headquartered in Rockville, MD, holds multiple contract vehicles (GSA OASIS SB Pools 1 & 2, GSA MAS); is a multiple-year awardee of the Workplace Excellence Seal of Approval by the Alliance for Workplace Excellence (AWE); and recently made Consulting Magazine's 2023 "Best Firms to Work For" list and is a 2024 Elev8 GovCon honoree.  For more information, visit http://www.ChevoConsulting.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510589/department-of-homeland-security-win-chevo-wins-cbp-enterprise-small-business-esb-blanket-purchase-agreement-bpa) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 