# Devotional Podcast Celebrates One Thousand Episodes with a Special Reunion

MIAMI, FL, May 03, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The "My Morning Devotional" podcast is celebrating its 1000th episode with a special audio reunion, featuring both its founder and the new family of hosts who have helped continue the podcast in the midst of a major life challenge.   Alison Delamota, a South Florida baker and entrepreneur, began the 5 minute daily podcast in 2020, during the pandemic after her 30 newsletter subscribers asked for an audio format. As a solo host, she steadily grew her audience over the years, surpassing 2.5 million downloads in the summer of 2023.  However, in fall of 2023, a personal tragedy and the workload of supporting the community she built led Alison to reconsider the future of the podcast, and she decided the best people to continue her work were in the church she attends - Metro Life Church in Miami, FL, led by Pastors Steve and Mary Alessi.   The church currently produces their own podcast, The Family Business with The Alessis, which profiles the daily lives of this pastoral family of 8, who all work together on their church staff.   The four sisters in the family - Stephanie, Lauren, Gaby and Richelle - now collaborate in leading the devotionals weekly, and they've received glowing praise from the listeners who have followed Alison from the outset of the podcast.   One long time listener, Alice Clark, shared on the podcast website, "I started listening to Alison in 2020 during the pandemic…As a nurse, the pandemic was a dark time and I loved listening to Alison. However, for some reason, I stopped listening for a year and then started listening again a couple of months ago. Now it is a part of my morning routine."  The podcast has continued with the same format of "a 5 minute daily dose of heaven", and the strong worldwide community has continued to pray daily as the new hosts take on the responsibility of leading each day's prayers.  In April 2024 the podcast charted in the top 50 in the US Religion and Spirituality charts on Spotify.   The 1000th episode is a rare longer episode, with a normal 5 minute devotional and then continuing with all 5 hosts sharing reflections on the past 1000 episodes and answering questions from their listeners.   For more information on My Morning Devotional, go to http://mymorningdevo.co.  Metro Life Church is a Christian church serving families in the Dadeland and Doral areas of Miami, Florida. Our pastors are Steve and Mary Alessi.  Our mission is to build the Kingdom through the 3 R's of Relationships; Relationship with God, Relationships with our Metro Life family, and building Relationships with those we impact around the world.  Metro Life Church is the producer of two podcasts that serve families both locally and worldwide - The Family Business with The Alessis and My Morning Devotional. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510623/devotional-podcast-celebrates-one-thousand-episodes-with-a-special-reunion) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 