# ConnectHER Weekend: 3 Days of Igniting Brilliance and Building Sisterhood with a Powerhouse Lineup of Inspiring Women

ATLANTA, GA, August 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ConnectHER Weekend is thrilled to announce an extraordinary lineup of influential speakers who will share their expertise, wisdom, and personal journeys at this transformative 3-day retreat. It will be held August 16-18, 2024, in Atlanta, GA, and women from across the nation will come together to redefine success, embrace authenticity, and ignite their passions. The weekend will be hosted by Founder, Dr. Tammy Barnett and co-hosted by Dr. Nicole Anderson, Founder & CEO of HER Wine who will also moderate throughout the weekend. As the mission of ConnectHER Weekend is to inspire imperfect brilliance, pivot towards purpose, and build lasting bonds, they also are on a mission to give back. A percentage of the ticket sales will be given to I Will Survive, Inc, an organization that provides economic support, prevention education, and health & wellness services to those at higher risk and affected by breast cancer.  ConnectHER Weekend will feature an impressive roster of accomplished women leaders, including Marnice Miller, Founder & CEO of Human Capital Resources and Concepts, Toni S. Brown, Founder & CEO of Brand Coach Toni and Skye Media Group, Lauren Hurston, Founder & CEO of Right Choice Accounting, Brittany Dong Samuels, Founder & President of Maternal World Health Organization and The Mom Dynasty, Piper Grigsby, Founder & CEO of PGC Senior Services and PGC Consulting and Tori J. Andrews, Clinical Psychologist for Honey. For Moms®.   These women will share their stories, insights, and practical advice, creating an unforgettable experience for attendees. ConnectHER Weekend is more than just a retreat; it's a catalyst for personal and professional growth, offering a unique opportunity to connect with like-minded women and build a strong support network.   "I'm thrilled about what continues to unfold as my team and I put the finishing touches on the ConnectHER Weekend Retreat!" shares Tammy Barnett, Founder of ConnectHER Weekend. "The time in between the conclusion of the retreat each year to the beginning of the next, I remind myself of all the relationships being built and connections made! I've found that as much as we say we want to support one another in our various journeys, sometimes we make the process more complicated than we need to. I continue to curate this three-day experience to give women (including myself) a venue to celebrate imperfections, identify missing elements in our lives, and receive & share valuable information for our individual paths."  The 3-day weekend is brought to you by HCRC (Human Capital Resources and Concepts), HERWine, Vanover Legal & Consulting, Kingdom Dentistry, and Infinite Destinations Travel through Sponsorship and Partnership.  To learn more about ConnectHER Weekend and to register, please visit https://tammycbarnett.com/connecther-weekend/.  About ConnectHER Weekend: ConnectHER Weekend is a transformative experience that empowers women to unleash their full potential and create a life of purpose and fulfillment. By fostering a supportive community and offering practical tools, we inspire women to break free from limitations, embrace their authentic selves, and achieve their goals. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513155/connecther-weekend-3-days-of-igniting-brilliance-and-building-sisterhood-with-a-powerhouse-lineup-of-inspiring-women)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1elbcn6/connecther_weekend_transformative_3day_retreat/