# Top Motivational Speaker And Bestselling Author Rocky Romanella On How To Avoid Micromanagement And Getting Bogged Down In Details, Leading To Improved Team Performance

WILMINGTON, NC, August 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- As leaders, we all want to be on top of things and be certain we are doing everything in the most productive, efficient way possible. However, taking this too far, getting bogged down in detail, can create a suffocating environment that stifles creativity, autonomy, and productivity. It can lead to stress, anxiety, and burnout for leaders and their teams. It can create delays, inefficiency, and a backlog of work, all of which can hinder performance. In short, micromanaging and getting bogged down in detail can actually create the opposite of what we hope to achieve. Top motivational speaker and bestselling author Rocky Romanella addressed this vitally important issue in a recent newsletter article. In that article he wrote in part:  Whether we care to admit it or not, we all get bogged down in details. Many times, we get ourselves bogged down through our desire or belief that to be successful we must be on top of every detail, especially in our most important responsibilities. We become the victim of "Analysis Paralysis".  We spend our time not as leaders, managers, and coaches, but as a player trying to play every position. We operate at every level of the business, sending a message to our people that we do not believe they can perform their responsibilities.  To understand the depth and breadth of your ability to get bogged down, analyzing a few cultural descriptors may help you understand the way you get things done and how work is performed. It can help you to understand your process, your management rhythm, and how you perceive, think, feel, make decisions, and interact with your people and how you execute your responsibilities.  These descriptors are not absolutes, but a great starting point for your self-reflection:  Cultural Descriptors:  Compliance vs Creativity Individual contributor vs Teamwork Technology driven Performance driven Continuous improvement Rapid growth vs Slow Growth People orientated vs Productivity oriented Participatory management vs Command & Control Self-directed work teams vs traditional management Acceptance and Appreciation for Diversity Line of sight between job and Company Mission  After careful and honest self-reflection, the next step is to explore the current environment you are in that is affecting how you manage and the degree to which you micromanage, which leads to bogging down in the details.  Some thoughts on the environment:  Is the pressure to perform low, equitable, fair, and reasonable, or unreasonable? Is out of the box thinking encouraged or discouraged? Are compliance, ethics, or legal issues ever denigrated or marginalized? Is bad conduct rewarded or tolerated? Does short-term thinking dominate? Are employees proud to be part of the organization?  Finally, it is important to give some concentrated thought to what you consider the most important issues that you will face in the next couple of years and the speed at which change will come. Your speed and the ability to set the pace will be a direct result of your ability to not be bogged down.  Your ability to build world-class teams that you trust, empower, and give the authority that equals their responsibility will free you from the anchor of the bog and allow you and them to grow and flourish. Your team becomes the engine to drive results, your people become the solution not the problem.  The full text of the piece is available at Romanella's website at https://3sixtymanagementservices.com in the newsletters section.  Rocky offers a number of resources on his website that offer powerful ideas for leaders at any level - business managers, educators or small group leaders:  FORBES CONTRIBUTIONS:  Rocky is an official member of Forbes Business Council and a contributor on many different topics. A full list of his Forbes articles is available at https://www.3sixtymanagementservices.com/forbes-business-council/.  PODCAST:  Rocky hosts The Leadership Library Podcast, now in its 8h season. New shows are posted every Tuesday and Thursday morning at https://tightenthelugnuts.com/.  All of us are leaders in some way - parents, educators, athletes, special interest groups large and small, sales teams - the list is endless. Regardless of the role we play, Romanella's concepts, developed under the heading of Balanced Leadership, can be applied to improve effectiveness, efficiency, and results.  Morning coffee is one of the joys of life for many of us. When you add your Cup of Joe to your visit to the Leadership Library podcast, your morning coffee will add an educational, entertaining dose of leadership octane to your day. Past show topics include:  The Feeling Of Trust That Comes From Hope (over 7.5 K views) Soft Skills For Great Results (over 3.1K views) Balanced Leadership Goal Setting Integrity Leaving a Legacy Personal Values Performance of a Successful Team Strategic Vision Operational Excellence Strategic Process Are You A Job Skill Developer Leadership Roles and Responsibilities SWOT Analysis Training and Development  with many more topics available and more on the upcoming schedule.  The podcast is now available at https://tightenthelugnuts.com or visit https://www.buzzsprout.com/1484407. The podcast is also available at Apple Podcasts. More on leadership, building a legacy and many other topics are also available at Romanella's website at https://3SixtyManagementServices.com.  BOOK:  Rocky's book about leadership, Tighten The Lug Nuts: The Principles Of Balanced Leadership recently achieved number 1 bestseller status in both Business Management and Business Leadership.  In 'Tighten the Lug Nuts', Romanella uses his forty-plus years of experience at UPS, and his CEO and Director roles, to explore the ways a true leader can lead any organization and its people to new levels of success.  If you read only one business book this year, this is the book you should read.  Rocky's approach to leadership is unique and highly effective. He believes that great leaders challenge their people not to stop at the first right answer. 'Tighten The Lug Nuts' is a book about leadership that help readers move past that first right answer. It is full of detailed examples that are organized in an educational and entertaining way to form a framework of real-world concepts. The deceptively simple concepts, with powerful "How To Messages" can be utilized by anyone who holds a leadership position - even parents, educators, and others. Whether you are a seasoned professional or a first-time manager, Tighten The Lug Nut is not only motivational, but also a call to action for those who have yet to make a mark in their field.  The book can also help position an organization for hyper growth coming out of the pandemic, Key concepts detailed in the book will prepare leaders and their teams to hit the ground running as they rapidly refocus and rebuild. Tighten The Lug Nuts is loaded from cover to cover with practical information that can help leaders become more effective, more productive, and more successful. It is not just another "book about leadership."  Tighten The Lug Nuts is available at online book retailers. More information is available at his website at https://3sixtymanagementservices.com and at https://tightenthelugnuts.com.  Rocky Romanella has built an entire library of cutting-edge resources, available at his website, to help position ourselves to come out of the pandemic stronger, leaner, faster and to get a jump-start on the Rapid Rebuild process. Those resources include:  LIVE AND VIRTUAL KEYNOTES AND TRAINING - SUPPORT FOR WEEKLY MEETINGS AND CALLS  Rocky has been doing virtual conferences and training sessions with a keen eye on POST COVID and the Rapid Rebuild of our businesses. He can build a program, live or virtual, for any organization. Topics can include any or all of the 23 Leadership Competencies, concepts from the book, Tighten The Lug Nuts: The Principles Of Balanced Leadership, or any topic that might be appropriate.  THE LIST - 23 LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES  Every item on the list will play a vital role during the Rapid Rebuild of our economy, our businesses and our lives. Any or all of them will be appropriate for virtual meetings, talks or presentations.  PODCASTS LIBRARY  Over 108 podcasts that take a deep dive into Leadership topics. These can be searched by topic, show name or Leadership Competency.  VIDEO LIBRARY  The video library includes training videos, Balanced Leadership videos, Keynote Speaking videos, Tighten The Lug Nuts videos, interviews videos, Coach's Corner videos and much more.  More on leadership skills, virtual keynotes, training sessions, virtual meetings and conferencing calls, training workshops, strategy sessions and general information on the relaunch of the economy is available at Romanella's website.  MEETING CALLS  As a special incentive for those who are ready for a Rapid Rebuild, Rocky will be offering meeting calls at no charge for those who purchase 20 or more copies of his 5-star rated book on leadership, 'Tighten The Lug Nuts'. Contact Rocky for details at rockyromanella@gmail.com, and or 610-322-0720 to schedule your session.  With over 4 decades of "boots on the ground" leadership experience, Rocky Romanella is one of the best keynote motivational speakers in the country and internationally. He has spoken in large and small venues all over the US including cities such as Atlanta, San Diego, Las Vegas, Phoenix, NYC, Dallas, Chicago, Miami, Houston, LA, Charlotte, and many others. Internationally, he has presented keynotes in Toronto, Mexico City, Milan, London, and Krakow. He is known for creating excitement through his energy, passion, and knowledge, while employing his talents and experience to motivate, inspire and entertain audiences, regardless of size.  Romanella has garnered praise for his ability to connect to a wide range of audiences with his storytelling ability and innate charisma. Richard Snowden, President of Raven House International said, "An engaging speaker and facilitator, Rocky leads business executives to break-through results through break-through thinking." Conrad Swanson, Sr. VP Agency Development of Arpin Van Lines Inc. stated, "Rocky inspired many to look inward and improve the way they operate their businesses and lead their team members."  A winner of the UPS Chairman's Award for Excellence, Romanella has created a legacy of motivating teams to achieve their best. He pulls in audiences with real life stories from an illustrious career spanning nearly 40 years at one of the most recognized and admired brands in the world. Rocky brings leadership expertise in supply chain, logistics and transportation, retail, sales and operational excellence strategy, telecommunications engineering/construction management and installation. Having led many company sales efforts, rapidly building brands, restructuring events, and developing a culture needed to integrate past acquisitions, he inspires audiences to create a unified company with one vision.  Rocky Romanella is available for keynote speaking engagements and media interviews. He can be contacted using the information below or by email at rockyromanella@gmail.com. Full information on 3SIXTY Management Services, more information on keynote speaking and 'Tighten The Lug Nuts' is available at the company website at https://3sixtymanagementservices.com.  About Rocky Romanella:  Rocky is the Founder and CEO of 3SIXTY Management Services, LLC, a management consulting firm specializing in Executive Speaking, Leadership Development and Consulting Services. He also serves on the board of Goodman Networks, a leading provider of end-to- end network infrastructure, field and professional services to the wireless telecommunications and satellite television industries.  Rocky is an experienced CEO who led one of the largest rebranding initiatives in franchising history – The UPS Store, revolutionizing the $9 billion retail shipping and business services market.  While leading The UPS Store, the network increased retail unit, same-store sales by 5.8%, outpacing the National Retail Federation results of 4.6% during a recession.  Rocky steered UPS's entry into the health care industry and created the mantra, "It's a patient, not a package.®"  He also led the integration of more than 20 acquisitions to improve financial performance, capabilities, and global network footprint.  Through his executive roles and leadership advisory services, Rocky delivers results by developing and implementing his Balanced Leadership Model across enterprise operations. This includes a laser focus on customer needs, employee empowerment and the demands of shareholders.  Rocky has the rare ability to see a clear vision of the changing business landscape, the passion to develop strategies, tactics, and metrics to drive desired results. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513122/top-motivational-speaker-and-bestselling-author-rocky-romanella-on-how-to-avoid-micromanagement-and-getting-bogged-down-in-details-leading-to-improved-team-performance)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1elbclq/leadership_expert_rocky_romanella_addresses_the/