# Traveling Warrior Healer Now Open for Business at the Salon & Spa Galleria Bridgewood

FORT WORTH, TX, August 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Phyllis LaVelle proudly announces the opening of her new Reiki healing office, Traveling Warrior Healer, located in the Salon and Spa Galleria Bridgewood in Fort Worth, Texas.  LaVelle said she prepared for this moment as a child on her family's farm, walking the length and breadth with bare feet, seeking the beauties of the natural world.   "In my view, being a true warrior is about being relentless when it comes to enjoying the miracle of life to the fullest," LaVelle said. "I experienced the deep sense of peace and contentment that a life lived in harmony with nature can bring. As I grew up, I learned that a brave and noble warrior is the person who has the courage to overcome challenges and adversity, someone who has the strength to make others feel safe, and who has the wisdom to share the battling techniques he masters. This is also the perfect description of a spiritual warrior—and, in my case, of a spiritual healer who stops at nothing to help others find their true selves and express them in a transformational way, aligned with the Universal Energy."  A student of Front Range Community College in Fort Collins, Colorado, LaVelle is approved by the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork. She provides both private and group Reiki training, including one-day, first- and second-level Reiki workshops, and two-day Elite Reiki Master Teacher workshops. Training is also available in Cord Cutting and Energetic Tune-up as a one-day workshop.  "All my workshops are 95% hands on," LaVelle said. "I believe that everyone learns by action, so I teach in this form. We practice on each other to ensure you understand before the end of the workshop."  LaVelle said the Reiki master–student relationship is considered in the highest regard and continues even after the workshop ends.  "Once you have taken a Reiki workshop with me, my ongoing support, guidance, and mentoring will always be available to you," LaVelle said. "Whether it's for you to practice, for you to learn more about Reiki over time, for your future questions to be answered, or for guidance when you're ready to open your own business as a Reiki practitioner, I'm here," she added.  According to LaVelle, continuing education credits are available, with 16 credits for the Reiki level I and II combined, and 24 credits for the Elite Reiki Master Teacher. Upon completion of all three levels, students will receive 24 continuing education credits. Training is available either in the Traveling Warrior Healer office or at the client's home. To arrange training sessions, visit LaVelle's website, or you can call or text her at (970) 732-7323.  LaVelle uses an Amethyst Richway Biomat during visits at her Bridgewood office, including in-person Reiki and Access Consciousness BarsⓇ. With its unique combination of infrared, negative ions, amethyst, and tourmaline, the biomat offers a range of uses and benefits. The infrared heat from the biomat penetrates deep into the body, promoting relaxation, comfort, and improved circulation. The biomat emits negative ions, which help neutralize harmful environmental factors and enhance overall well-being. Amethyst crystals are known for their calming and healing properties, helping to reduce stress and promote clarity, while tourmaline aids in detoxification, and boosting the immune system.   "Together, these elements work synergistically to support the body's natural healing processes and promote overall health and wellness," LaVelle said.  LaVelle promises her clients that they can expect a unique experience during appointments.  "Think of me as someone who will sit in the darkness with you, if that is where you are right now," LaVelle said. "I will patiently hold the space for you until you are able to find your light, I'll support you when you are feeling lost, and stay with you as you discover your way. I will listen without judgement when your soul is crying and needs to be heard, and I'll enable and empower you to find balance, peace, harmony, and goodness in your life. Think of me as a joyful soul that is wholeheartedly committed to help you re-connect with your soul and allow it to be just as joyful.  Traveling Warrior Healer is currently accepting new clients, and is open from 9-6 p.m. To celebrate her grand opening, LaVelle is offering a promotion for $20 off all in-person sessions at her Bridgewood office; simply include the word "love" to redeem this offer. Learn more about Traveling Warrior Healer by visiting LaVelle's Facebook page, LinkedIn page, Pinterest page, or send her an email. Appointments are preferred, and can be made via the booking site or by calling or sending a text to LaVelle at (970) 732-7323. Emails are welcome at phyllis@travelingwarriorhealer.com, no walk-ins please.   Conveniently located in close proximity to numerous businesses, shopping centers, and several major highway interchanges, Traveling Warrior Healer in the Salon and Spa Galleria Bridgewood is easily accessible from any direction. There is plenty of free parking for customers, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.   About Traveling Warrior Healer Located inside the Salon and Spa Galleria Bridgewood in Fort Worth, Texas, Traveling Warrior Healer provides a variety of services, including Reiki, Cord Cutting, and Access Consciousness Bars®  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With more than 22 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental facilities. To inquire about space for rent in the Salon and Spa Galleria Bridgewood, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513011/traveling-warrior-healer-now-open-for-business-at-the-salon-spa-galleria-bridgewood)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AlternativeHealthNews/comments/1elbczp/phyllis_lavelle_opens_new_reiki_healing_office_in/