# DeepTarget with Access Softek Unveil Finalists and Grand Prize Winner for the Fourth Annual Digital Impact Awards 2024

HUNTSVILLE, AL, September 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- DeepTarget Inc., a transformational financial services company harnessing the power of AI and data insights to power digital communication for community financial institutions, and Access Softek, an omnichannel digital banking provider, have revealed the top six finalists for their 2024 Digital Impact Awards.   The Digital Impact Awards highlight innovative credit unions that leverage data, AI and automation to connect with their members and influence their financial experiences. Finalists were chosen from a competitive group of institutions that used DeepTarget's Digital Experience Platform (DXP) and Access Digital to develop creative and successful marketing campaigns in 2023.   The criteria for finalist selection involved a blend of innovation in campaign design, strategic use of business intelligence, data-driven insights, AI integration and measurable impact.  The 2024 Digital Impact finalists are:   •	Crane Credit Union: Their unique "Save to Win" campaign which combined the opportunity for members to win cash while building their savings generated an impressive number of new accounts operned. Targeted campaigns within Access Digital influenced 2000+ new accounts for the credit union.   •	Jetstream Federal Credit Union: The credit union earned its spot as a finalist through effective targeting and personalization, showcasing fun and creativity in their inventive "Birthday" campaign. Their personalized microsite with their birthday 3D Story sets a new standard for member engagement and digital innovation.   •	Jolt Credit Union: Their "12-Month Certificate" campaign generated 15,000 unique impressions and a click-through rate of 3.62%. Their 5.0% 12-month certificate creative campaign features compelling graphics influencing 570 new CDs opened.   •	Michigan Schools and Government Credit Union: The credit union championed guaranteed returns with their 5.25% "11-Month New Money CD" campaign. With this data-driven targeted campaign, the credit union achieved a click-through rate of 5.08% and influenced 2450 new CDs opened.  •	Seaboard Federal Credit Union: The credit union's 3.51% "Money Market" campaign resulted in a whopping 10.88% click-through rate and influence over 300 new Money Market accounts opened by members.  •	TELCO Community Credit Union: The credit union's "90 Day No payment" data-driven targeted auto loan campaign excelled with a 5.48% click-through rate. It was aimed at members currently without a new or used car loan and influenced ~150 new auto loans for the credit union.   "The Digital Impact Awards finalists prove that credit unions embracing innovation can revolutionize member engagement and drive real results," said Preetha Pulusani, CEO of DeepTarget. "By harnessing the power of our Digital Experience Platform, these forward-thinking institutions are leaving the status quo behind and reaping the rewards – a clear warning to those still stuck in traditional marketing methods".   The six finalists' award-winning campaigns took the stage at the Access Softek Client Conference in Chicago, Illinois, showcasing the transformative power of digital innovation in member engagement. As seasoned DeepTarget users, these credit unions exemplified how leveraging cutting-edge digital touchpoints can unlock personalized connections, drive meaningful interactions, and address the distinct needs of their members – a testament to the impact of forward-thinking marketing strategies.  Conference attendees voted in real-time, selecting Jetstream Federal Credit Union as the 2024 Digital Impact grand prize winner.  "We're thrilled to be the grand prize winner of the 2024 Digital Impact Award!" said Jeanne Kucey, CEO of Jetstream FCU. "At Jetstream, our members are at the heart of everything we do. By leveraging DeepTarget's innovative 3D Story technology, we've created personalized, multimedia birthday messages that resonate deeply with them. The results speak for themselves – our birthday email has become our top-performing campaign, with unprecedented engagement and reopen rates. It's incredibly rewarding to see our members feel seen and valued."  About DeepTarget  Powering the digital communication revolution for credit unions and banks, DeepTarget fuels asset growth, revenue expansion, and loyalty across multiple channels by harnessing the power of data and AI insights. Backed by a risk-free money-back guarantee, their patented Digital Experience Platform (DXP) has been successfully deployed by hundreds of financial institutions. Growth as a Service™ aka GRaaS™ uniquely combines expert co-pilot resources, best practices, and multi-source data analytics to deliver seamless, personalized experiences that meet consumers wherever, whenever, and however they bank. For additional information visit www.deeptarget.com and follow them on LinkedIn. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514414/deeptarget-with-access-softek-unveil-finalists-and-grand-prize-winner-for-the-fourth-annual-digital-impact-awards-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1fjmziq/2024_digital_impact_awards_top_credit_unions/