# Explore Amptive's Best eCommerce Platforms for the Jewelry Industry

LOS ANGELES, CA, September 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Among the incredible digital marketing strategies that Amptive utilizes for their jewelry industry clients is the inclusion of ecommerce on their websites. Being able to sell online opens your jewelry business to more opportunities for sales and leads that will benefit your overall marketing goals.   Along with developing marketing tactics that will help grow your jewelry business, Amptive is also available to educate about, and track the latest trends in, digital marketing. They pay attention to what ecommerce platforms are gaining traction, such as Shopify,WooCommerce, and Build, to advise how to best set up your ecommerce shop to market your jewelry business.   Organization and ease of use are two of the strongest features of Build to enhance your jewelry industry business. Unlike Shopify and WooCommerce, Build is uniquely geared to showcase a jewelry retailer or jewelry manufacturer's products to their clients. With the standout Custom Ring and Diamond Builder modules, jewelry businesses can give their customers access to their selection at all hours, so people can shop at their own rate outside of in-store hours.   Enhance your jewelry industry business with an effective ecommerce platform such as Build and Amptive's digital marketing plan. Protection and growth of their client's businesses is paramount to Amptive, and they know that Build will be the perfect option to do both for your jewelry industry business. Contact Amptive's Los Angeles headquarters to create a digital marketing plan for your jewelry retail store or jewelry manufacturing business.  About Amptive  Based in Los Angeles, Amptive started in 2011 by two brothers passionate about helping jewelry businesses reach their full potential. From well-developed websites, to e-boutiques, and data management, Amptive is a full-service digital marketing agency that specializes in assisting jewelry stores and jewelry manufacturers gain more leads that can turn into larger profits. It is their pleasure to bring their clients dreams to life by brainstorming jewelry marketing ideas and instilling a marketing plan unique to their clients businesses. Contact their Los Angeles office to begin your digital marketing journey to enhance your jewelry business in extraordinary ways. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514427/explore-amptives-best-ecommerce-platforms-for-the-jewelry-industry) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 