# Hernan Tagliani's book "Multicultural Mainstream: The Power of Hispanics in Consumer Marketing" Becomes a Best Seller!

ORLANDO, FL, September 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On August 18, 2024 - Hernan Tagliani launched his new book "Multicultural Mainstream: The Power of Hispanics in Consumer Marketing", and it became a Best Seller!  GET THE BOOK THAT WILL GIVE YOU THE MULTICULTURAL MARKET With this best-selling book you'll activate your team, your brand, and a multitude of new consumers.  This book is an essential guide to seizing one of the greatest sales and brand growth opportunities in America. It will empower you with a deep understanding of the crucial role culture plays among multicultural consumers, particularly U.S. Hispanics. You will learn how their influence will shape your brand, marketing strategies, and communication channels as mainstream becomes multicultural.  In a recent interview on the Thriving Entrepreneur Radio Show, Tagliani stated, "More than 44% of consumers are multicultural. By 2028, that number will jump to 48%. We are becoming a multicultural mainstream driven by young generations that are going to be propelling this growth. It's very important for brands and business owners to cater to these audiences. Within the multicultural market, Hispanic consumers are the driving force. They are the fastest growing demographic in the United States. At the end of the day, if you really want to grow your brand, your business, cater to multicultural consumers."  The host, Steve Kidd added, "Paying attention to your audience is key to finding growth and success on our journey as thriving entrepreneurs. Hernan's book illustrates this beautifully. I highly suggest you get his book on Amazon today!"  Get your copy TODAY! https://a.co/d/cjEVwXr  Hernan Tagliani is a leading multicultural marketing expert and award-winning marketer for Fortune 500 companies. He is also a business speaker and author of the book "The Hispanic Market for Corporate America. How to make your brand culturally relevant." His insights and expertise have been shared through his articles as a contributing writer to national U.S. publications such as: The Business Journals, the Houston Chronicle, Adweek, Entrepreneur Magazine, as well as Forbes Magazine (Central America edition).  Hernan Tagliani has a straightforward, yet challenging, mission: To encourage businesses and brands to embrace multicultural marketing and the importance of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion so they are better positioned and prepared for success as the U.S. becomes a multicultural nation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514406/hernan-taglianis-book-multicultural-mainstream-the-power-of-hispanics-in-consumer-marketing-becomes-a-best-seller)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1fjn0yl/new_bestselling_book_multicultural_mainstream_the/