# Barktober Fest, Estate Jewelry Clearance, and Fall Watch Blowout at Huntington Fine Jewelers

OKLAHOMA CITY, OK, October 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Huntington Fine Jewelers is excited to announce a series of events throughout October that will captivate jewelry enthusiasts and pet lovers alike. With something for everyone, this fall promises unforgettable experiences at all Huntington Fine Jewelers locations.  Fall Watch Blowout – October 1st-31st Stay stylish this season with the latest designs from top watch brands during our Fall Watch Blowout. All month long, enjoy up to 20% off premium timepieces, making it the ideal time to update your watch collection.  Estate Jewelry Clearance Sale For those looking to add a timeless piece to their collection, the Estate Jewelry Clearance Sale offers an unparalleled selection of unique and exquisite pieces at up to 50% off. Taking place across several locations, this sale is the perfect opportunity to find luxury jewelry at unbeatable prices. The event will be held at different stores throughout October, with the final sale days in Oklahoma City from October 24th-26th. Register for the Estate Clearance Sale so a specialist can assist your shopping journey at your preferred location.   Barktober Fest – October 26th Join us for the annual Barktober Fest Pet Adoption Event on Saturday, October 26th, from 10 AM to 3 PM, at all Huntington Fine Jewelers locations. In partnership with local animal rescues, we invite you to find your next furry family member while enjoying food trucks, pet boutiques, and animal trick-or-treating. There will be exciting giveaways, pet costume contests, and much more! Whether you're looking to adopt or simply want to share the fun with your fur baby, Barktober Fest is the perfect way to celebrate the season. Don't miss this opportunity to make memories and possibly bring home a new best friend.  Contact Huntington Fine Jewelers to learn more about all of the exciting events happening this October at their Oklahoma jewelry stores, and RSVP now for Barktober Fest to make sure you do not miss out on the fun this October!  About Huntington Fine Jewelers  For over 35 years, Huntington Fine Jewelers has served the greater Oklahoma City area with the finest engagement rings, wedding bands, fine jewelry, certified loose diamonds, and Swiss-made timepieces. Since their grand opening in Oklahoma City the retailer has grown in both square footage and staff, all while maintaining the personal level of customer service they have been known for. Today, customers can enjoy jewelry and watch collections from some of the top brands in the industry as well as the company's premier jewelry design and repair services. For more information visit their website at www.huntingtonfinejewelers.com, send an email to info@huntingtonfinejewelers.com or visit their showrooms in person. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514891/barktober-fest-estate-jewelry-clearance-and-fall-watch-blowout-at-huntington-fine-jewelers) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 