# Extraordinary Business Leadership Earns Sammy Montoya Santa Ana Chamber of Commerce Award & Recognition

SANTA, ANA, CA, July 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Executives' Association of Orange County celebrates Sammy Montoya of La Chiquita Restaurant, for receiving the Difference Makers award, an outstanding achievement award by the Santa Ana Chamber of Commerce.  The Executives' Association of Orange County is proud to share that their longtime member, Sammy Montoya of La Chiquita Restaurant, is being recognized as the recipient of the Santa Ana Chamber of Commerce's Difference Makers award. This event aims to spotlight extraordinary business leaders who have made significant contributions to the economic development and overall well-being of the community.  The Chamber established the Difference Makers event in 2010 to recognize the exceptional contributions of students, volunteers, business and community leaders, and educators.  The Executives' Association of Orange County, a renowned business networking association located in Orange County, CA, recently commemorated its golden jubilee, marking 50 years as an association, a significant achievement.  About the Executives' Association of Orange County: Like many great techniques, nothing will ever beat the time-tested value of a personal referral. The Executives' Association of Orange County began with a goal: to connect business owners on a personal level, which makes the decision to refer each other business natural, and simple. Back in 1971, this was how businesses best grew, and today, the most active business leads group in Orange County stands strong and focused. With just one member in each classification, the distractions of internal competition don't exist, providing more time to build solid connections, a deeper understanding of each other's businesses, and a grasp of each individual's personal business goals. There's a reason that members have spent their entire careers with EAOC. Contact us to learn more at www.EAOConline.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512589/extraordinary-business-leadership-earns-sammy-montoya-santa-ana-chamber-of-commerce-award-recognition) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 