# Independent Agent Tanya Whitaker Visiting Salon and Spa Galleria Locations to Hold Enrollment Sessions

FORT WORTH, TX, July 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- One of the most significant concerns for self-employed beauty professionals is what would happen to them if they were unable to work due to illness or injury.   Tanya Whitaker, an independent insurance agent offering coverage through Combined Insurance Company of America, helps self-employed professionals put coverage in place to deal with such contingencies.   She will initially be visiting five Salon and Spa Galleria locations over the coming weeks to help beauty pros enroll in coverage. Other locations will be scheduled beginning in August 2024. The FIRST combined insurance enrollment schedule is as follows:  •	Sublett on Wednesday, July 17 from 10:30am- 3:30pm •	Airport Freeway on Thursday, July 18 from 11:30 - 4:00pm •	Oakmont on Wednesday, July 24 from 10:30am - 3:30pm •	Bedford on Thursday, July 25 from 11:30am - 4:00pm •	Alliance on Wednesday, July 31 from 10:30am - 3:30pm  Those with questions about enrollment can contact Tanya Whitaker at (682) 395-8270.  "We want our tenants to be successful and to have peace of mind as they pursue their business-building ambitions," says Jennifer Knittel, Marketing Manager for Salon and Spa Galleria.  About Combined Insurance Combined Insurance Company of America (Chicago, Ill.) is a leading provider of supplemental accident & health, disability, and life insurance products and a Chubb company. With a tradition of nearly 100 years of success, Combined Insurance is committed to making the world of supplemental insurance easy to understand. The company has an A+ rating by the Better Business Bureau and is one of Ward's Top 50® Performing Life-Health Insurance Companies.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With 22 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental salons. To inquire about space for rent in the Salon and Spa Galleria Sublett, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512591/independent-agent-tanya-whitaker-visiting-salon-and-spa-galleria-locations-to-hold-enrollment-sessions) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 