# PepperBall速 To Showcase Non-Lethal Defense Method at 2024 FBINAA National Training Conference Booth 107

LAKE FOREST, IL, July 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- PepperBall速 is excited to participate in the 60th annual FBI National Training Conference (FBINAA) from July 20-23, 2024. As a trusted non-lethal partner for law enforcement, correctional, and military professionals worldwide, PepperBall is set to showcase new products and accessories designed to enhance safety and effectiveness in the field.  The PepperBall system has been instrumental in providing law enforcement agencies across the United States with a non-lethal alternative for safely resolving high-tension incidents. From daily patrol to crowd control to individual suspect engagement, the system provides law enforcement with a flexible tool that minimizes risk while maximizing control. Research shows that using non-lethal methods can also help officers avoid the trauma and emotional toll often associated with lethal encounters. Trusted by thousands of agencies worldwide, it has proven effective in real-world scenarios, offering a reliable option for officers seeking a non-lethal solution.   "Police departments that have implemented the PepperBall system have seen reductions in use-of-force complaints, officer-involved shootings, and injuries to officers and citizens. Over our 20-year history, PepperBall has been deployed more than 20 million times with an impeccable safety record," said Michael Lee, Vice President of Sales for PepperBall.   The PepperBall速 system includes air-powered launchers and projectiles filled with PAVA or inert powder. Upon impact, these projectiles release a cloud of organic irritant that can incapacitate a threat from up to 150 feet away. This approach significantly reduces the likelihood of physical confrontations, enhancing safety for all parties involved.  "Participating in the FBINAA conference allows us to connect with law enforcement professionals and demonstrate how our technology is transforming the landscape of policing," said Lee. "Our non-lethal solutions give officers the time and distance they need to assess a situation, plan a course of action, and save lives."  For more information about PepperBall, visit pepperball.com  About PepperBall速 PepperBall is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-lethal law enforcement solutions that de-escalate confrontations, safely change behavior and ultimately save lives. For over two decades, PepperBall has been the trusted non-lethal partner for law enforcement, correctional and military professionals worldwide, and over 20 million PepperBall projectiles have been safely deployed. Based in the US heartland, PepperBall stands behind each product with an industry-leading commitment to training and service. To learn more about PepperBall, visit pepperball.com  About the FBINAA  The FBINAA is an annual conference and expo with a long history of providing delegates with informative education and training sessions on law enforcement in the 21st century. The Expo allows conference delegates to browse and meet with nearly two hundred vendors and learn about new and innovative products, training, technology, and services available for their agencies, departments and organizations. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512594/pepperball-to-showcase-non-lethal-defense-method-at-2024-fbinaa-national-training-conference-booth-107)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1e5byqa/pepperball_to_showcase_nonlethal_products_at_fbi/