# UAV Propulsion Tech representing AMT to market their Advanced Micro Turbines to the US UAV market

TAMPA, FL, July 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- UAV Propulsion Tech has signed a representative agreement with AMT-Advanced Micro Turbines (Geldrop, Netherlands) to market their advanced micro turbine solutions to the US UAV market. UAV Propulsion Tech currently represents several global organizations and has been providing advanced technology and hardware solutions to defense and commercial UAV customers since 2007. Bob Schmidt, CEO and founder of UAV Propulsion Tech has been working with UAV engine providers and customers since 2003 providing propulsion solutions for defense applications. AMT has been developing micro turbines since 1995 and has transitioned from mainly an RC turbine provider in the early days to now mainly supplying commercial/defense/university solutions for target drones and advanced UAV's.   AMT originated in the Netherlands in 1991 and has been professionally manufacturing turbines since 1995. The Pegasus gas turbine was first produced in 1994 and its reliability and performance have quickly become a benchmark in the industry. AMT's Titan, Nike and Lynx engines are designed for high-speed target drones and advanced UAV applications. All motors are based on AMT's revolutionary design and unique axial flow turbine achieving exceptional thrust-to-weight ratios with low fuel consumption and rapid acceleration times. Running on Jet A1, JP5, JP8 or diesel, they do not need a separate lubrication system - just one of the many innovative concepts developed by AMT which are the industry standard. AMT's turbines range in thrust from 230-1569 Newtons (51.7-352.7 lbf). At the top end of thrust is the "Lynx" turbine which has been in production since DEC 2018.   Bob Schmidt, CEO and founder of UAV Propulsion Tech said, "I am excited to be working with Bennie and Anita van de Goor to bring their world class advanced micro turbines to the US UAV market to meet growing demand for counter UAS and advanced high speed UAV solutions" Bob went on to say, "The addition of AMT's micro turbine solutions to UAV Propulsion Tech will allow us to continue to provide the best UAV hardware solutions for our customers. I am looking forward to working with AMT to provide their propulsion solutions to the growing US market for micro turbines."  Bennie van de Goor, CEO and founder of AMT Netherlands said, "We wanted to work with a UAV solution provider like UAV Propulsion Tech because of their propulsion and UAV market experience in the US. UAV Propulsion Tech is a perfect partner to help us increase our visibility in the market and bring these solutions to their expanding US UAV customer base." Bennie went on to say, "Bob's experience as a mechanical engineer and knowledge of propulsion market demands, will allow us to provide and further develop world-class micro turbine solutions that meet challenging requirements."  About UAV Propulsion Tech: Schmidt Products, LLC (dba UAV Propulsion Tech) is a privately held US company located in Tampa, FL that markets global UAV technology into the US UAV market. To learn more, visit www.uavpropulsiontech.com.  About Advanced Micro Turbines (AMT) Netherlands: AMT Netherlands is a privately held company located in Geldrop, Netherlands and has been designing and producing advanced turbine solutions since 1994 for originally the RC market but now mainly for commercial applications and university research. AMT's revolutionary unique axial flow turbine design produces exceptional thrust-to-weight ratios with low fuel consumption and rapid acceleration times with high reliability. To learn more, visit www.amtjets.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512574/uav-propulsion-tech-representing-amt-to-market-their-advanced-micro-turbines-to-the-us-uav-market)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1e5bysa/uav_propulsion_tech_signs_agreement_with/