# Get Ready To Deck The Halls With Exotic India Art's Magical New Holiday Decor Collection

ROSEVILLE, MN, August 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Exotic India Art is a renowned e-commerce platform that has been serving its customers all over the globe for decades by offering them a wide range of mesmerizing Home Decor delights. Their team aims to celebrate and reflect the rich culture and tradition of glorious India, making their products available for sale to global homes and delivering them to the doorstep.   Holiday time sounds fun and vibrant – full of joyful spirit and the Holiday Decor should be all about creating a radiant and cozy ambience that becomes a wonderland for the family living together and the visiting guests. To make the season special and unique this time, Exotic India Art has launched a wonderful collection of holiday home decor items which are not only affordable and crafted from high-quality tested material but are also versatile in their appeal. Some of the best delights that the collection encompasses are:  Wooden Christmas Trees: There is nothing more Christmassy than the Christmas Tree itself. Made from the finest wood, Exotic India's Christmas Tree figures display the most enchanting hand-painted designs with Christmas ornaments which are just perfect for the festival and New Year celebration. These can give your space the right amount of pop of color for that extra magic.  Designer Candle Holders and Stands: If you are looking for an elegant piece of holiday winter decorations, consider buying a decorative candle holder that seamlessly blends cultural symbolism and artistic allure. The collection has many intricately handmade candle holder delights to create a majestic ambience and grant it the warm glow of the candle, giving you both functionality and aesthetics.  Stylised Santa Claus Figurines: Your Christmas home decor can become even more exciting by incorporating cute Santa Claus figurines, making your home feel more fun and festive. Although these masterpieces are apt for Christmas decor, they may be displayed on the shelf or table the whole year for that creative yet opulent accent.  Luxurious Brass Christmas Trees: If you are bored of those regular colorful Christmas trees every holiday season, it's time to change the trend. Make a shift to exquisitely designed sets of Christmas Trees crafted from quality brass. Hang some delightful charms and Christmas tree ornaments on them and witness their splendor. Do not worry, it will not compromise on the festive decorations.  Regarding the launch of the collection, Mr. Kapil Goel, Director of Exotic India Art, said "The wide range of products in this collection is thoughtfully designed to transform home into a festive wonderland where there is magic at every corner. Other than general buyers, Interior designers can take advantage of the items and upgrade their projects for clients to make well-decorated interiors."  Feeling enthused about making your home the favorite place to spend your holidays? Visit Exotic India Art's website and check out the collection! 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513284/get-ready-to-deck-the-halls-with-exotic-india-arts-magical-new-holiday-decor-collection)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1eq7awm/exotic_india_art_launches_mesmerizing_holiday/