# Charles R. Ullman & Associates Announces New Family Law Attorney

RALEIGH, NC, June 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Charles R. Ullman & Associates is pleased to announce that attorney Kat McDonald has joined the respected Raleigh, North Carolina law firm as an Associate Attorney. The law firm concentrates on family law matters, including separation, divorce, child custody, alimony, domestic violence, and other issues.  Kat McDonald is a 2023 graduate of the Campbell University Norman A. Wiggins School of Law, where she obtained a Juris Doctor. While in law school, she was a 2023 Book Award Recipient for Family Law Planning.  Developing knowledge in family law, she did pro bono work with the North Carolina Coalition Against Domestic Violence, the Child's Advocate, and the Campbell Law Domestic Violence Pro Bono Project. She also served as an executive board officer on Women in Law in law school.  She also gained experience working closely with lawyers as a law clerk and summer associate at two other firms in the Triangle.  A native of Wake County, Kat McDonald graduated from Wake Technical Community College and North Carolina State University with a bachelor's degree in political science in 2017. After graduating from college, she worked as a legal assistant at a local law firm and decided to pursue her interest in law as a career.  Kat McDonald is pleased to provide personalized and compassionate legal services to clients who turn to Charles Ullman & Associates for guidance in family law matters. The family law firm represents clients in Raleigh, Cary, Apex, Holly Springs, Garner, Knightdale, and elsewhere in Wake County.  About Charles R. Ullman & Associates  The compassionate attorneys at Charles R. Ullman & Associates focus on family law matters, including separation, divorce, domestic abuse, child custody and support, property division, and spousal support. A native of North Carolina, Charles R. Ullman has over 25 years of experience counseling men and women through difficult family matters. He is recognized by the North Carolina State Bar Board of Legal Specialization as a Board-Certified Specialist in Family Law. Our knowledgeable attorneys, based in Raleigh, North Carolina, are here to help. You can contact the law firm at 919-829-1006 or click on the online contact form to get a consultation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511756/charles-r-ullman-associates-announces-new-family-law-attorney) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 