# Flawless Nails Opens in Georgetown Texas

GEORGETOWN, TX, June 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Prescilla Robin, a new tenant of Hill Country Salon Suites (5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown), is excited to announce the opening of her new nail salon, Flawless Nails. Services include manicures, pedicures, gel, dip powder, acrylic, soft gel tips, and face waxing. Hours of business are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, 10-7, and Saturday 10-3. Closed Wednesdays and Sundays.  Prescilla loves the one-on-one experience with her customers, siting that as her greatest motivation over her eleven years of nail experience. "When a customer leaves my salon with a smile on their face, that really lights my professional fire."  Prescilla loves the Hill Country support: "When I leased my salon suite from Hill Country, I didn't know what to expect. What I received was far more than a salon suite. The amenity package includes free utilities, free WiFi, and a free web page. But that's not all. They share a detailed business plan with all of their clients, and work hand-in-hand with clients to show them a successful marketing approach. It's like having a business coach on-call, always there to answer questions or just to provide support during down days.  "And, because I take appointments only, their booking software program makes that process super easy."  The owners of Hill Country Salon Suites (Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton) believe that successful businesses are a collaborative effort. "New entrepreneurs face a daunting number of challenges," says Spradley. "The success rate in this industry, for new owners, is maybe 50% if all of the stars align properly. We just try to make that transition into ownership a bit easier.  "Sometimes, all these people need is a pat on the back and a supportive word. Other times, sharing knowledge and experience is called for. Whatever it may be, Melanie and I are determined to provide it for our clients. After all, their success is our success."  More about Flawless Nails Flawless Nails is in suite 107 at Hill Country Salon Suites. Appointments only; contact information Phone: 972-268-0841 Email: flawless.nails@icloud.com  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511770/flawless-nails-opens-in-georgetown-texas)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1dikowh/new_nail_salon_flawless_nails_opens_in_georgetown/