# Global Vision Technologies and FAMCare achieve SOC 2 Type II Compliance Certification

ST. LOUIS, MO, June 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Global Vision Technologies, Inc., (GVT) successfully achieved Service Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Type II audit and certification, which validates GVT's robust controls, effective security and risk management and adherence to industry best practices. GVT is creator and provider of FAMCare and ClinicalPURSUIT web-based, HIPAA compliant, highly secure data management tools for human service organizations and healthcare agencies who are looking for a better way to manage their information and improve client outcomes. GVT manages sensitive client data relating to children, families, youths, adults and patients. The certification provides a greater level of trust for both current and prospective business partners and customers after an extensive review which evaluated GVT's control design, implementation and operating effectiveness.  Designed by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), the SOC 2 Type II auditing procedure examines a company's commitment to data privacy and information security standards through five key criteria: security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality and privacy. Obtaining SOC 2 Type II certification demonstrates rigorous safeguards protecting clients' sensitive information and reassures stakeholders that client data is in capable hands.  "After an extensive auditing process, we are proud that GVT is a SOC 2 Type II certified company," said George Ritacco, VP, Client Services at GVT. "This certification validates our commitment to the highest compliance standards in customer security and privacy, which is especially crucial to our many customers in heavily regulated industries like human services and healthcare."  The certification solidifies GVT in the industry and allows the company to expand its partnerships with new clients who seek to only work with secure case and clinical management platforms.  GVT is the creator and provider of two, highly sought data management platforms, FAMCare and ClinicalPURSUIT. FAMCare is GVT's rapid case management platform used by human services agencies who are looking for a better way to manage their information. ClinicalPURSUIT is GVT's EDC and clinical data management platform for clinical trials and patient registry data management. For more information about GVT, visit www.globalvisiontech.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511776/global-vision-technologies-and-famcare-achieve-soc-2-type-ii-compliance-certification)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1dikour/global_vision_technologies_gvt_achieves_soc_2/