# WebCE Launches Online Arizona Insurance Adjuster Licensing Course

DALLAS, TX, June 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- WebCE is excited to announce a new, convenient way to earn an Arizona Insurance Adjuster License without stepping foot in a classroom or taking a state licensing exam.   Introducing WebCE's brand-new Arizona adjuster licensing course with state exam to our insurance adjuster prelicensing course catalog! The 40-hour Arizona adjuster course is part of WebCE's online Claims Adjuster Certified Professional (CACP) Certification Program. By completing the CACP designation, Arizona adjuster license candidates can qualify for their Arizona insurance adjuster license.   The CACP designation is earned upon successful completion of WebCE's 40-hour Arizona Claims Adjuster Certified Professional course. The course includes a 100-question online course final exam, which exempts candidates from needing to take the Arizona state license exam.   Licensed candidates who successfully complete the 40-hour Arizona adjuster course can attach their CACP designation to their Arizona adjuster license application—and be exempt from the state license examination. This applies to both Arizona resident applicants and non-resident applicants.   Arizona does grant reciprocal licenses to adjusters licensed in their home state—specifically, the state where you live. In other words, Arizona does not accept a Designated Home State (DHS) license, which allows adjusters to designate a home state for their license in a state different from where they live. However, if a candidate lives in a non-licensing state, they can still earn WebCE's Arizona CACP designation to get their Arizona license. Visit our Adjuster Reciprocity resource page for more information.   Upon successful completion of the CACP program, adjusters gain free membership into the Association of Claims Adjuster Certified Professionals. To maintain this membership, adjusters must complete 24 hours of continuing education every two years. Completing courses through WebCE for Arizona or another state, such as those needed for a reciprocal license, can count toward your CACP requirements. Once completed, WebCE will automatically renew your certification and a renewal certificate will be sent via email.  WebCE is a leading provider of online education and training solutions for professionals in a wide range of industries. With a mission to help individuals and organizations meet their professional development goals, WebCE offers a comprehensive catalog of high-quality courses designed to support lifelong learning and career advancement. For decades, WebCE has consistently delivered innovative, convenient, and user-friendly educational solutions to help professionals reach their career goals. Explore our diverse catalog of high-quality courses and world-class customer support at https://www.WebCE.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511767/webce-launches-online-arizona-insurance-adjuster-licensing-course) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 