# Author Saverio Monachino's Murder Mystery, By Any Means, Will Be Available At No Charge In Ebook Format June 10 Through June 12, 2024, At Amazon

WILMINGTON, NC, June 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Author Saverio Monachino has announced that his murder mystery novel, 'By Any Means', will be available at no charge in ebook form June 10 through June 12 at Amazon.  In this spellbinding murder mystery, Monachino weaves a compelling narrative that immerses readers in a world of intrigue, humor, and suspense.  Leaking top secret information to the Press happens all the time. Just ask those holding office in Washington D.C. Up north in Montreal Inspector Gervais has experienced a perfected form of this art.  It all started on a typical summer night with Giorgio sitting on the roof reciting poetry, dressed from head to toe in leather and watching a man in the alley commit murder … with a hard salami. His life literally falls into the hands of the good Inspector and that's when the fun begins.  "What," Inspector Gervais wants to know, "what do an overweight grocer, batman, tax attorneys, a dysfunctional Italian family, city politics and an esoteric secret society that may or may not be the remnants of the Knights Templar have in common?" Not much, but this is all he has to go on as he races to solve a gruesome murder By Any Means. Montréal in the summertime can be fun, murder can be funnier.  Readers and reviews alike have praised 'By Any Means'. One Amazon reviewer said, "By Any Means is a fast paced, intriguing read. It immediately thrusts you into an unusual murder setting, which both grabs your interest to continue and introduces you to the witty writing style of the author. The book unfolds into a collage of family and other relationships, informative diversions into interesting areas of learning, and a front row seat to figuring out 'who dunnit'. I enjoyed the many interesting characters along with the wit and humor. I look forward to more from Saverio."  Another stated, "Funny? Yes, and the comedy is truly both deep and subtle. A mystery? Indeed, a murder mystery but those pages seem to cover the deeper mystery investigated by the author. It is obvious that BY ANY MEANS has gone to great lengths to open up more important questions than a who killed whom, as one begins to see the outlay of dysfunctional family dynamics, its development and picturesque guides to finding the right way to reconnect. After all, what in the world is more important, being the head of a super-secret organization that is hundreds, if not thousands of years old, or finding a mate who will hold your hand and bring a smile to your face. If that isn't enough of a psychological thriller then the author layers another common paradigm for the unrepentant on top; why is politics so much more important than truth."  By Any Means will be available in ebook format at no charge June 10 through June 12, 2024 at https://www.amazon.com/Any-Means-Saverio-Monachino-ebook/dp/B071FQ3T52/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&dib_tag=se&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9._N68xl597i0kqKon2rNMmHtWnfiluuXn-z-2NUDnDsZE7am3BmveiRSlUmlOrnrZ.m-S2Jq9wqgOAai0iwf7334DkFb6RSnBP9ejOj_PNmOU&qid=1717677442&sr=8-1  Saverio is also the author of 'Little Bit of Faith'. Anyone who handles a patient load knows how difficult some can be. Dr. Selwood (a neuropsychologist) had a real doozy of a case assigned to her, Dr. Arthur McAiden. When McAiden first began his outpatient stint at the Kessler Institute he had trouble stringing cognitive sentences together. Selwood suggested he write his thoughts down, and so he did. At first, he wrote of the accident itself, which had her wondering how he knew what he did. Then his story moved on and intertwined his recovery process with what she believed to be a work of fiction. If he was trying to have fun at her expense, she did not know. Either way, it didn't matter, but, when he moved on and began describing his take on the triune others have used to describe his faith, she wanted to file this away in the circular trash can beside her desk. Then one of his characters came to life and paid her a visit. While her patient had struggled to re-enter the three-dimensional space those living on earth call home, Dr. Selwood, in turn, now struggled to accept the continuum of life Arthur had presented to her.  Saverio was recently interviewed on "Let's Talk" on WDVR Radio in Sergeantsville, NJ. The interview is available at his website at https://comicfictionnoir.com/about/.  Saverio has also been interviewed by Theresa O'Brian. The interview and book review of 'Little Bit of Faith' will be posted in the Bethlehem Press soon (June 12 or 19).  Saverio Monachino is available for media interviews and can be reached by email at r1234f56r@yahoo.com. More information is available on his website at https://comicfictionnoir.com.  "A Little Bit of Faith" and "By Any Means" are available on Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/s?i=stripbooks&rh=p_27%3ASaverio+Monachino&s=relevancerank&text=Saverio+Monachino&ref=dp_byline_sr_book_1.  About Saverio Monachino:  Saverio Monachino has worked in the Bio-Pharmaceutical arena in various regions of the U.S. and Canada (and dragged his family along with him). He had discovered compounds that advanced into clinical trials while managing large R&D teams. Things happen, life changes, comas come and when lucky, they go, and now, as a TBI survivor, he has had to, as the saying goes, 'move the cheese'. Now, he lives, writes, and has fun.  One book he co-authored, "Frenchtown New Jersey: History Along the River," during his free time while helping run a bookstore in Frenchtown NJ. During his recovery process, he also organized a radio theatre troop which performed both on air and on stage and, more recently, became a founding member of a very distinguished philosopher's guild where old men can pontificate on any topic they wish while asking the proverbial question 'is anyone listening to me?'. Of course, first and foremost, writing about the experiences within his head while comatose is what drives his works of fiction 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511495/author-saverio-monachinos-murder-mystery-by-any-means-will-be-available-at-no-charge-in-ebook-format-june-10-through-june-12-2024-at-amazon) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 