# Ambient Edge Announces the 2023 Students Affected by Cancer Scholarship Winner

KINGMAN, AZ, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Ambient Edge's scholarship selection committee proudly awards this year's "Students Affected by Cancer" Scholarship to Elizabeth Jones of Western Governors University. After a career as an ICU nurse RN, Jones found herself tangling with a Stage 2a breast cancer diagnosis that forced her to reconsider her career.  Jones balanced her full-time job with two additional positions while undergoing treatments for her breast cancer. Her drive stemmed from the threat of undergraduate student loans as well as her love for people in need. This process would encourage her to consider ways she might advance her career based on her experiences.  Today, Jones is pursuing a post-master's Family Nurse Practitioner degree. This degree may one day allow Jones to serve adult patients in need of specialized outpatient cardiac care. She's also expressed interest in serving as an outpatient nurse for oncology patients, using her knowledge of cancer treatments to make people like her more comfortable with their treatments.  Ambient Edge's scholarship selection committee is proud to provide Jones with $1,000 to dedicate toward her continued education. The team applauds her success in her profession as well as her continued perseverance in the face of her breast cancer diagnosis.  Future scholarship applicants can look to Jones' example as they craft scholarship essays for Ambient Edge's consideration. The team encourages future applicants to read through the "Students Affected by Cancer" Scholarship's terms and conditions before submitting their essays for consideration.  Ambient Edge once again congratulates Elizabeth Jones on her personal and professional dedication in the face of adversity. The team looks forward to Jones' future successes and hopes its scholarship serves her well.  About Ambient Edge  Ambient Edge prides itself on its humble beginnings. The company grew from an endeavor pursued by two childhood friends into the five-star HVAC and home care service that it is today. Ambient Edge's professional staff now serves greater Arizona and Nevada in its efforts to keep homes and businesses comfortable.  The team continually re-centers itself around its core value of integrity. Clients who work with Ambient Edge can trust its staff to do the best they can every time. Anyone in need of air conditioning and heating repair services can contact Ambient Edge today to get the personalized services they need. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510747/ambient-edge-announces-the-2023-students-affected-by-cancer-scholarship-winner)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1cpq872/ambient_edge_awards_scholarship_to_breast_cancer/