# Can Coma Survivors Remember Their Experiences? Author Saverio Monachino, A Traumatic Brain Injury Survivor Does And He Gives Readers A Look In His New Psychological Fiction Novel, Little Bit Of Faith

WILMINGTON, NC, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Saverio Monachino's traumatic brain injury left him in a coma. It took a while but, when he made it back to a conscious state, he had a story to tell. This story became the basis for his new psychological fiction novel, "Little Bit of Faith." The book is a masterful work of fiction that is unlike any medical thriller available today. Through skillful storytelling and rich character development, the book offers a captivating and often humorous exploration of the creativity of the human mind and the interconnectedness of existence. The book leaves readers pondering the nature of true faith, the boundaries of one's perception, the foundations of belief, family love, religious fanaticism, and the meaning of existence, long after the final page is turned. There is a message. It is one word, four letters.  Dr. Selwood (a neuropsychologist) had a real doozy of a case assigned to her: Dr. Arthur McAiden. When McAiden first began his outpatient stint at the Kessler Institute, he had trouble stringing cognitive sentences together. Selwood suggested he write his thoughts down, and so he did. At first, he wrote of the accident itself, which had her wondering how, if he was comatose, he knew what he did. Then his story moved on and intertwined his recovery process with what she believed to be a work of fiction. If he was trying to have fun at her expense, she did not know. Either way, it didn't matter, but when he moved on and began describing his take on the triune others have used to describe his faith, she wanted to file this away in the circular trash can beside her desk. Then one of his characters came to life and paid her a visit. While her patient had struggled to re-enter the three-dimensional space those living on earth call home, Dr. Selwood, in turn, now struggled to accept the continuum of life Arthur had presented to her.  "I wrote this book," Monachino stated, "because, as my ability to exist in the three-dimensional space we live in returned, memories of what I experienced began to fade. The story is fiction, the underlying revelations, I hope, are closer to reality."  Monachino is also the author of a murder mystery titled "By Any Means." Leaking top-secret information to the Press happens all the time. Just ask those holding office in Washington D.C. Up north in Montreal, Inspector Gervais has experienced a perfect storm of this art. Gervais's story started on a typical summer night with a slightly overweight grocer sitting on the roof reciting poetry, dressed from head to toe in leather, and watching a man in the alley commit murder … with a hard salami. His life literally falls into the hands of the good Inspector, and that's when the fun begins. "What," Inspector Gervais wants to know, "do an overweight grocer, Batman, tax attorneys, a dysfunctional Italian family, city politics, and an esoteric secret society that may or may not be the remnants of the Knights Templar have in common?" Not much, but this is all he has to go on as he races to solve a gruesome murder By Any Means. Montreal in the summertime can be fun; murder can be funnier.  Saverio Monachino is available for media interviews and can be reached by email at r1234f56r@yahoo.com. More information is available on his website at https://comicfictionnoir.com.   "A Little Bit of Faith" and "By Any Means" are available on Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/s?i=stripbooks&rh=p_27%3ASaverio+Monachino&s=relevancerank&text=Saverio+Monachino&ref=dp_byline_sr_book_1.  About Saverio Monachino:  Saverio Monachino has worked in the Bio-Pharmaceutical arena in various regions of the U.S. and Canada (and dragged his family along with him). He had discovered compounds that advanced into clinical trials while managing large R&D teams. Things happen, life changes, comas come and when lucky, they go, and now, as a TBI survivor, he has had to, as the saying goes, 'move the cheese'. Now, he lives, writes, and has fun.  One book he co-authored, "Frenchtown New Jersey: History Along the River," during his free time while helping run a bookstore in Frenchtown NJ. During his recovery process, he also organized a radio theatre troop which performed both on air and on stage and, more recently, became a founding member of a very distinguished philosopher's guild where old men can pontificate on any topic they wish while asking the proverbial question 'is anyone listening to me?'. Of course, first and foremost, writing about the experiences within his head while comatose is what drives his works of fiction 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510704/can-coma-survivors-remember-their-experiences-author-saverio-monachino-a-traumatic-brain-injury-survivor-does-and-he-gives-readers-a-look-in-his-new-psychological-fiction-novel-little-bit-of-faith) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 