# Elgin City Council Green-Lights Qualico Communities' Triada Master-Planned Community

PFLUGERVILLE, TX, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Qualico Communities' proposed Triada master-planned community received approval at last night's Elgin City Council meeting. The approval provides the city of Elgin, Texas, with a key north/south arterial street and a 15-acre sports complex.  Triada nods to a respect for the three previous landowners and to the history and legacy of the generations that have contributed to the Elgin community. Situated on 271.4 acres north of U.S. Highway 290 and west of County Line Road, extending from FM 1100 on the south to Carlson Road on the north, the 875-homesite Triada will offer a range of housing options to accommodate different homebuyer needs and preferences.   Extensive amenity offerings will differentiate the community. The proposed 6.4-acre amenity center site is planned to feature a fitness facility, resort-style pool, playscape, shade structures and two pickleball courts for residents of Triada. In addition to 55 acres of open space and 3.8 miles of trails, a 15.3-acre sports complex is planned to include baseball and soccer fields, with sports facilities intended for public use.  Additionally, the City Council gave its consent for the formation of a Municipal Utility District (MUD), the benefit of which is to provide essential infrastructure and services to support the long-term sustainability and livability of the Triada community, including water supply, wastewater treatment, drainage and roads.  "Triada represents our commitment to providing thoughtfully designed communities that enhance the quality of life for residents while respecting the heritage and natural resources of the land," said Kevin Fleming, vice president of Qualico Communities. "We appreciate the support of the Elgin City Council, and are eager to move forward in creating what will be an exceptional community for Elgin's current and future generations."  Construction is slated to commence in the fall of 2024, with the first lots currently expected to be delivered in the summer of 2025. Initial homes are projected to be complete by year-end 2025. The development will proceed in six phases, ensuring a systematic and well-executed approach to bringing this vision to life.  The community falls within the boundaries of the Elgin Independent School District, currently providing access to Neidig Elementary, Elgin Middle School and Elgin High School, all less than two miles from Triada.  For more information about the Triada master-planned community and other developments by Qualico Communities, please visit Qualico Communities Austin. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510753/elgin-city-council-green-lights-qualico-communities-triada-master-planned-community) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 