# How Summer Camp Helps Kids With ADHD

BALSAM, NC, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Families across the US are now making plans for their kids to go to summer camp, including families with some of the millions of kids diagnosed with ADHD. John Willson, Executive Director of SOAR is available to discuss how kids with ADHD can thrive at summer camp.  Based in the mountains of Western North Carolina, SOAR offers not only summer camps but also an accredited, adventure-based, certified private boarding school educating youth with ADHD and Learning Disabilities in grades 7 through 12, and GAP (Gateway Adventure Program) for high school graduates.  For kids with ADHD, research links time having fun outdoors with milder symptoms and greater self-efficacy, resilience and well-being. John shares why summer camps work for children with ADHD and what to look for in a summer camp, including how:  •	Staff members are trained to help children with ADHD and LD discover their gifts, strengths, and abilities. •	Camps are structured to help children succeed, build confidence, and overcome challenges such as managing transitions, which is often challenging for youth with ADHD. •	Camp staff help kids manage problem behavior in a positive way through compassionate guidance and what John calls "a vacation from failure."  "We believe there are tremendous, amazing, bright things about these kids. Let's find them and accentuate them," he says.  About: John Willson, MS, LRT/CTRS, is Executive Director for SOAR, the world's premier adventure program serving youth with ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) and LD (Learning Disabilities). SOAR's outdoor adventure-based programs provide academic instruction, experiential education, and life skills development for youth and young adults ages 8-25. SOAR stands for Success-Oriented, Achievements Realized. With a passion for fostering resilience and nurturing strengths in neurodiverse communities, John is a respected advocate among those who serve individuals with learning differences and attention challenges. Learn more at soarnc.org.  Online press kit: soar.onlinepresskit247.com  For more information or interview requests, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510761/how-summer-camp-helps-kids-with-adhd)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/HealthCareNewsInfo/comments/1cpq7zn/soar_executive_director_discusses_how_kids_with/