# Mileseey Technology Inc., to Launch The World's First Modular Digital Laser Tape Measure Tailored to Creativity

CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Mileseey, one of the top three brands of laser measurement tools in the world, announced its upcoming launch of the industry-first modular digital laser tape measure specifically engineered for creative communities, the Xtape 1.   The creative crowds, such as interior designers, home decor lovers, and DIY enthusiasts do not have to stick to the old-fashioned measuring tools now, which lack the advanced features that meet the high demand of delicate measuring tasks. The Xtape 1 is built with groundbreaking capabilities to facilitate their creative momentum and rock their creative endeavors.  The product is now in the prelaunch phase, click the link to reserve your spot as a super early bird and enjoy 50% off with only 1$.  https://presale.mileseeytools.com/  Measuring Any Distance, Near or Far The Xtape 1 combines a digital tape with a laser measure unit in a modular setup to not only take measurements of short distances, like a piece of wood, but capture distance to inaccessible areas, like ceiling dimensions. A clear OLED screen displays the measurement from both the tape and the laser, achieved easily by a mode switch.   "Mileseey is actually the inventor of digital tape with laser measurement, with our first-gen digital laser tape being designed 5 years ago, to improve the versatility of digital tape," said Tommy Yang, the chief product designer at Mileseey.   Tool Sustainability Redefined "The significant upgrade we've made is the modular product form, designed to redefine sustainability," Tommy emphasized. Creative people are tired of the flow of their creative minds being interrupted by the tools that easily wear out. They place sustainability as the priority of the tools they use, which is the key factor that inspires the modular innovation, making the device more enduring than ever.   "People used to return the device to the manufacturer or simply chuck the whole device when a tiny part of the device malfunctions or gets damaged", Tommy added. "With the nifty modular setup, you can quickly swap the old modular, and your device will quickly refresh and rejuvenate to be brand new. This aligns with the principle of sustainable development."  Peak Accuracy, Top-quality Projects Accuracy is a key factor that determines the quality of a digital tape product. The Xtape 1 utilizes cutting-edge Vision-based Technology to read the tape blade and digitalize the data, offering an unrivaled accuracy within 1/32". This is seen in contrast to the old-fashioned way of leveraging coded reading patterns on the blade plus the reading sensor to produce the digital data.   "The more advanced Vision-based Technology eliminates the need for reading patterns printed on tape blade, and detects the more minute natural features of the blade surface to generate data, giving more consistent accuracy than ever, laying a solid foundation for the top-quality project", said Dr. Luo, the chief engineer at Mileseey.   "Our latest tape reading technology also contains the most advanced algorithms that adjust to various environmental factors, such as mud, water, dust, and tape scratches, offering unshakable accuracy even in the roughest conditions," Dr. Luo added.   Easy Measurement to Inaccessible Areas Mileseey's digital tape measures are perhaps the industry-only series tape products that address the pain point of measuring inaccessible areas, with laser measurement integration featuring various direct and indirect measurements. The Xtape 1 is no exception. "The indirect height, for example, measures vertical height when an obstacle blocks your way to the area, or the advanced point-to-point function, avoids the needs of ladder climbing when measuring hard-to-reach frames, ceilings, or beams in the house, ensuring the utmost conveniences and safety," said Tommy.   Highest-Grade Green Laser Line, Easy Alignment across Surfaces While the green laser line is not an uncommon innovation for digital tape, offering fast and accurate alignment in capturing references, the laser line only extends to the left and right of the device. The Xtape 1 upgrades the green laser line to industry level, with the ability to line up items across multiple wall surfaces.  "The Xtape 1 stands apart with the highest-grade laser line in industry, with unprecedented brightness and extending range. We understand the need for the green laser is not limited to woodworkers to mark a piece of wood, but plays a critical role for interior designers in aligning wall hangings like pictures, cabinets, or other decorative elements." Said Tommy.   Versatile Measuring Features Spacing things out in even intervals, measuring increments, or making internal measurements are common yet very tricky tasks among creative communities. The Xtapes offers various innovative measuring features that turn these tasks into no problems at all.   The industry-first 1/N line split function automatically divides a line into N equal smaller segments, allowing for easy placements of objects at even intervals. Incremental measurement only involves a click of the "zero" button to clear the measurement of the previous increment, avoiding cumbersome math calculations when measuring increments.  Industry-first Live Angle Display, More Intuitive Angle Measurement The Xtape 1 is also distinguished by a unique live angle display, which updates real-time angle changes and gives you immediate angle feedback and confirmation in angle measurements. "We used to have numbers to indicate the tilt angles, and now we transform the numbers into a more intuitive live angle display when the angle changes, and this a feature that significantly enhances user experience," Tommy addressed.   A Marvel of Design There is a lot of thought that went into the design of Xtape 1, showcasing a perfect combination of product functions and forms, ensuring it not only works cool, but looks cool. "We want to make a tool that can serve as a perfect companion for creative people, a tool that can well express their identity and professionalism," said Jore, the CEO at Mileseey. Xtape 1 is perhaps the first pro-grade digital tape measure designed not only to offer functional benefits, but emotional and social benefits.  The Mileseey Xtape 1 is dedicated to people who are passionate about creative works, helping to turn their great ideas from vision into reality. The product is now in the prelaunch phase, please click the link to back our campaign and reserve your super early bird spot. https://presale.mileseeytools.com/  Together we create a world where creativity thrives.  Mileseey  Integrating R & D, manufacturing, and customer support, Mileseey comes as a global leader in the intelligent laser measurement industry, with over 15 years of perseverance and ingenuity in the field. Capitalizing on our cutting-edge photoelectric technology, Mileseey aims to provide increasingly intelligent and efficient measuring solutions for both industrial engineering and everyday life.  Media Contact For more information, please contact: Matt Altman Phone:+86-18-3446-71024 E-mail: mkt008@mileseey.com  Source: Mileseey Technology Inc. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510735/mileseey-technology-inc-to-launch-the-worlds-first-modular-digital-laser-tape-measure-tailored-to-creativity) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 