# Oaks Senior Living, LLC Announces Management Acquisition of Assisted Living & Memory Care Community in Cleveland, Georgia

CLEVELAND, GA, May 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Oaks Senior Living, LLC is proud to announce the acquisition of management services for Laurel Lodge. The Oaks Senior Living managed community is happily accepting new residents, catering to a multitude of individual resident needs.   Laurel Lodge is located at 210 Hope Drive, Cleveland, GA 30528. Tucked away in the beautiful North Georgia mountains, this community offers assisted living, memory care, and respite care to the residents of Cleveland and the surrounding areas. The ranch style community features 72 units including various floor plans to accommodate to the specific need of the resident.   In addition to personal care, Laurel Lodge offers amenities on site such as restaurant style dining, activities room, manicured grounds, theatre room, housekeeping, laundry service, and transportation to external activities. The social, educational, recreational and spiritual programs offered daily for residents creates the opportunity to stay active and engaged in everyday life.   "It is an honor to incorporate Laurel Lodge into the Oaks family. Having the opportunity to extend our services to the Cleveland area, not just aligns with our commitment to serving seniors, but integrates a compassionate community team into our organization." said Oaks Senior Living CEO Bear Mahon.   Laurel Lodge provides care for a variety of individual resident needs; however, a typical resident is advanced in years and wishes to maintain as much independence as possible while living in a safe, clean, and comfortable environment with their peers. The person-directed care administered at the community allows for a wholistic resident experience that accounts for not just care needs, but unique personal preferences.  Oaks Senior Living culture centers around learning, understanding and honoring an individual's life-history while building relationships and embracing purposeful living. This family owned and operated executive team has been faithfully providing senior living in Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee since 1998. For more information, call Oaks Senior Living at 770-796-5871 or visit our website at https://www.oaksseniorliving.com/. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510750/oaks-senior-living-llc-announces-management-acquisition-of-assisted-living-memory-care-community-in-cleveland-georgia) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 