# SuperCloud International, Inc. Completes Business Combination With Preeminent Production Company EyeOnChannel

Entertainment-Tech Company and Media Distribution Powerhouse Combine to Form Next Generation Digital Content Conglomerate

 FORT LAUDERDALE, FL - (NewMediaWire) - August 27, 2024 - SuperCloud International, Inc. (“Company” or “SuperCloud”), a privately held technology and entertainment holding company with B2B and B2C brands and services, today announced that is has completed a business combination agreement with EyeOnChannel (“EyeOn”), a leading video production and media distribution company, to form an end-to-end media corporation under the new combined entity SuperCloud Global Holdings, Inc. Through the combination, SuperCloud will leverage EyeOn’s distribution access to over 150 million US households for its 5G TV and internet service UMAXX. Additionally, the Company plans to distribute EyeOn’s extensive library of consumer content through UMAXX while creating new exclusive content via EyeOn’s vast production asset portfolio and experience in production.

 SuperCloud is the creator of a first-of-its-kind internet and live TV service built on a proprietary military-grade 5G network called UMAXX. The service, which is commercially available to consumers throughout the United States, offers consumers access to blazing-fast 5G internet and over 350 channels of High-Resolution HD premium live TV via wireless hotpots. While UMAXX features channels from top programming distributors and production companies, the combination with EyeOn will allow SuperCloud to expand its own digital content distribution via the UMAXX service. EyeOn affiliates include Eye on Austin, Eye on Boston, Eye on California, Eye on Chicago, Eye on Colorado, Eye on D.C., Eye on Montreal, Eye on NOLA, Eye on NY and Eye on Park City. EyeOn also owns content for niche markets such as Eye on Cannabis, Devil in Divorce and Eye on Global Luxury. EyeOn asset portfolio is valued at over $25 million and the combination of the entities looks to increase the value proposition of both companies.

 “While SuperCloud has changed the television game through our 5G Live TV service, combining with EyeOn will take our capabilities to a whole different level,” said Chairman and CEO of SuperCloud International. “As we continue to grow the UMAXX service throughout the US, the ability to add our own content to the platform redefines our trajectory in terms of revenue generation and opportunity. EyeOn’s arsenal of canned content and proven track record in media production will allow us to leverage the UMAXX service like never before. They have relationships across the media spectrum and plan to work with us to develop new and engaging content that will be exclusive to the UMAXX service, bringing a whole new value to our customers. Beyond this new content, EyeOn has a large amount of top-quality production technology that we will continue to leverage for third parties, as yet another revenue driver. Overall, I could not be more pleased by this deal and look forward to building one of the most competitive and unique digital media content companies in the world!”

 In addition to its vast library of digital video content, EyeOn offers its “Music Zone” which has more than 90 24/hr. radio stations, a suite of end-to-end TV and studio production services, and the physical equipment to facilitate live transmission across the US. The new combined company plans to integrate their offerings and announce new programming via its UMAXX service in the coming weeks.

 “We have been watching SuperCloud build out their technology for some time now and given their commercial launch of UMAXX, now is the perfect time to join forces and bring EyeOn’s content to wider audiences,” commented EyeOn’s spokesperson. “We have thousands of hours of relevant content that is ready for deployment and instead of trying to work with the legacy distribution networks, combining with UMAXX allows us to control our content and leverage it in the best possible way. We look forward to working with Jim and his team to take our business to the next level.”

 The combined business, SuperCloud Global Holdings, Inc., will continue to look for synergistic ways to build value of each of its business units. In combination, the companies create a global digital entertainment powerhouse with the ability to produce and distribute content via its own proprietary 5G TV platform, built in social media network, and military-grade internet service. The Company will continue to identify and engage in relevant M&A discussions that further bolster the value opportunity of the combined entity.

 SUPERCLOUD INTERNATIONAL, INC.

 Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, SuperCloud International, Inc. (SCI) is a privately held technology and entertainment company with a core focus on developing and creating cutting-edge solutions for wireless and cloud-based consumer entertainment and B2B data solutions.  SCI utilizes its proprietary Encrypted Military Grade 5G private network to offer consumers blazing-fast 5G internet and over 350 channels of High-Resolution HD premium live TV through its consumer brand UMAXX. The service recently completed its public beta where it received significant interest from the public for adoption of its service. The company spent 2023 completing the necessary infrastructure for a nationwide launch of the UMAXX service which remains imminent in 2024. The company differentiates itself from other network providers as one of the first-of-its-kind closed networks to provide data privacy and protection guarantees for user data.

 SCI is led by a world-class team of hardware and software developers, including its Founder and Chairman, Mr. Jim Devericks, who has spent his career innovating wireless solutions with companies like Apple, AT&T, Comcast,  among others. SCI continues to innovate and scale its proprietary network for both B2C and B2B solutions in cloud data and streaming. The company has partnered with leading infrastructure providers such as Oracle, Verizon, AT&T, and Verizon to support its military-grade, secure network and offers best-in-class hardware solutions enabling access to the network nationwide.

 SuperCloud International, Inc. and UMAXX.TV are trademarks of SuperCloud International, Inc. Other trademarks belong to their respective owners.

 MEDIA CONTACT

 Kyle Porter EVP, Virgo PR supercloud@virgo-pr.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.newmediawire.com/news/supercloud-international-inc-completes-business-combination-with-preeminent-production-company-eyeonchannel-7075969) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 