# Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes Hosts Model Grand Opening at APEX at Avenir in Palm Beach Gardens

PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL, May 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- GL Homes, one of the largest privately owned homebuilders in Florida, announces its model grand opening at APEX at Avenir, a new master-planned community for all ages in Palm Beach Gardens. On Saturday, May 18, hundreds of prospective homebuyers were among the first to tour nine furnished models showcasing Itcko Ezratti's GL Homes' exceptional luxury design.   Pre-construction pricing for homes at APEX at Avenir ranges from the $800s - $1.6 million. Drawing inspiration from the contemporary home designs at GL's Lotus Palm and Lotus Edge communities in Boca Raton, APEX at Avenir offers one- and two-story home designs showcasing sought-after features, including quartz countertops, gas appliances, freestanding tubs, tile roofs, impact-resistant windows, smart home features, and more. Floorplans range in size from 1,905 to 5,260 square feet and feature expansive master suites on both the upper and lower levels, spacious walk-in closets, large bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms, designated study areas, oversized screened and covered patios, and two to four-car garages.   "An influx of companies and relocations to South Florida has created extraordinary demand for high-end, new homes in northwest Palm Beach County," said Misha Ezratti, President of GL Homes. "We've sold over 120 homes at APEX at Avenir in the first four months, which is extraordinary given we have not had model homes on-site until now. We attribute this success to an exceptional location, the Avenir lifestyle, and proximity to three world-class golf courses. Avenir is poised to be the new modern frontier of Palm Beach Gardens, and our new model homes give prospective homebuyers the opportunity to experience APEX at Avenir's modern luxury, innovative home designs and exceptional standard features firsthand."  Residents of APEX will have access, along with other select communities within Avenir, to a state-of-the-art clubhouse featuring resort-style amenities, including 12 pickleball courts and nine tennis courts, a pro shop, an open play field, and an impressive gym fully equipped for all fitness options. The clubhouse will also include a spa with a nail salon, sauna, steam and massage rooms; teen room; indoor sports complex with a full-sized basketball court; oversized pool with beach entry, lap pool, and whirlpool spa; and a full-service restaurant with indoor and outdoor bars.   Less than 30 minutes west of Downtown Palm Beach Gardens, Avenir affords residents convenient access to The Gardens Mall, one of the largest and most luxurious shopping destinations in The Palm Beaches, gourmet restaurants, and cultural activities at PGA Commons Art & Dining District. It is surrounded by over 160 golf courses in Florida's Golf Capital.	  To learn more about the newest GL Homes community, APEX at Avenir, call (561) 364-1000 or visit www.glhomes.com/apex-at-avenir/.  Founded in 1976, GL Homes is a uniquely American success story. Built by Itchko Ezratti, who believed that hard work, integrity, and quality craftsmanship would thrive in the marketplace, GL Homes has since grown into one of Florida's largest homebuilders.   Misha Ezratti, son of company founder Itchko Ezratti, is President of GL Homes and leads the charge in overseeing operations across the state of Florida today. With a more than 45-year track record, countless industry awards and accolades, and most importantly, more than 100,000 happy GL homeowners, it's easy to see how Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes has grown into a top luxury home builder across Florida and the nation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511260/itchko-ezrattis-gl-homes-hosts-model-grand-opening-at-apex-at-avenir-in-palm-beach-gardens) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 