# ItzJoBarbershop Opens At Hill Country Salon Suites In Georgetown Texas

GEORGETOWN, TX, May 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Hill Country Salon Suites is proud to announce a new tenant, ItzJoBarbershop, recently opening its doors for business in April, 2024. The owner, Joseph D'Amato, welcomes all to his barber shop, reservations and walk-ins are welcome. The new enterprise is open Tuesday-Saturday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m  Services include Men's Haircuts, Women's Haircuts, Senior Haircuts, Kid's Haircuts, Couple's Haircuts, and the special ItzJoExperience Deal.   "The services I like to promote" says D'Amato, "are the 'Couples Haircut & the ItzJoExperience Deal.' The Couples haircut is a bundle deal where any couple can come and both get haircuts, shampoos, and styling at a discounted price. The "ItzJoExperience" is a deal for Men to have an all-included package deal. This includes but is not limited to, Straight Razor Head Shaves/Face Shaves/ Neckline Shaves, Shampoo & Conditioner, Ears, Eyebrows, and Designs. My goal is to make ItzJoBarbershop a family experience, a one-stop hair-cutting experience. ItzJoBarbershop is more than just a barbershop; it's a gathering place where the family can bond over a shared experience."  Even though the name says barbershop, ItzJoBarbershop cuts all ages of men and women's hair. Joseph add "I'm experienced in cutting all hair textures."  Hill Country is more than just a salon suite rental facility. Their business plan, shared with all clients, and their marketing program, are a wealth of knowledge generally unavailable for first-time business owners. In fact, the mission statement at Hill Country includes a desire to help the next generation of entrepreneurs find success.  "I can't say enough about the support I have received from Hill Country," D'Amato adds. The tips and advice they have given me kept me focused on the ultimate goal, of becoming financially independent. I have received invaluable knowledge from pros who have been there and done that. And the booking software makes taking reservations a snap."  The advantages of Hill Country Salon Suites  These amenities are included in the Hill Country lease: •	4/7 Access to your own private suite •	Split leasing available •	Marketing tricks and tips on promoting your business •	Complimentary Wi-Fi •	Established social media and online presence •	HDTV's in each suite •	Free Press Release to promote your business on the web •	Fully enclosed, private, locking suites •	Decorate your suite with your personal style! •	Control the temperature of your suite with your very own AC/Heater! •	Washers and dryers on-site – FREE laundry for you to use and we provide the soap! •	Complimentary personal web page •	All utilities included •	Ample and brightly lit parking area •	Ask about our Maternity Leave Program •	Single and double-sized suites are available.  More About ItzJoBarbershop  Located in Suite 111 at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown Texas. For more information about ItzJoBarbershop, or to make a reservation, call 512-588-2038 or email ItzJoBarbershop@gmail.com.  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals, each one the location for an independently owned beauty and wellness related enterprise. When the dynamic husband-and-wife duo of Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton decided to launch a new business venture, they had one goal in mind: Inspire the next generation of small business owners right here in Central Texas.  With a background in data security, Richard has launched three technology startups in the region during the last 30 years. He's also consulted with dozens of early-stage businesses to help them ground their vision and ultimately, success.  "I love data science," says Richard, "and it was data that motivated us to launch Hill Country Salon Suites in Georgetown. As the fastest growing city in the nation for the second year in the row, there is an increased demand for services, and an abundance of talent waiting to be harnessed."  The couple sees that supply and demand in the form of salon professionals, ranging from hair stylists and barbers to cosmetologists, estheticians, med spa professionals, lash and nail technicians, and even tattoo artists.  Call 512-380-2500 for information about salon suite rental availabilities, or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511268/itzjobarbershop-opens-at-hill-country-salon-suites-in-georgetown-texas)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1d3y4yv/new_itzjobarbershop_opens_at_hill_country_salon/