# Private capital's most senior gathering returns to Berlin for SuperReturn International, June 4-7

BERLIN, GERMANY, March 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- SuperReturn, the world's leading private equity and venture capital conference series, will be hosting its annual SuperReturn International conference at the InterContinental Hotel in Berlin, June 4-7, 2024.   The organisers are anticipating a record attendance, with over 5,000 decision-makers expected to convene for the event, including 1,500+ LPs and 2,400+ GPs from more than 70 countries. Attendees will have the opportunity to meet the people who set the trends and lead the industry. Through data-rich presentations, interactive debates and informal discussion groups, they will also be able to secure live market intelligence on an array of issues affecting today's private market professionals, from technology to ESG, private credit to secondaries, and much more.  Among the speakers this year will be: Björn Ulvaeus, ABBA star, singer, songwriter, producer and co-founder at Pophouse Entertainment; Scott Nuttall, Co-CEO at KKR; Harvey Schwartz, CEO at Carlyle; and Mohammad Rasouli, AI Expert for Investment at Stanford University.  Other speakers include:   • Mohammed Alardhi, Executive Chairman of Investcorp • Katie Koch, CEO at TCW Group • Kara Nortman, Co-founder at Angel City and Monarch Collective • Chris Gordon, Partner at Bain Capital Private Equity  • Scott Kleinman, Co-President, Apollo Global Management • Joana Rocha Scaff, Managing Director, Head of Europe Private Equity at Neuberger Berman • Orlando Bravo, Founder & Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo • Paul Desmarais III, Chairman and CEO of Sagard • Rich Lawson, Co-Founder and CEO at HGGC • Christian Stracke, President at Pimco  "Each year, SuperReturn International proves itself as a must-attend for the global private capital community – and this year, we've raised our game to host the largest, most senior, and most global gathering yet," said Dorothy Kelso, Managing Director of SuperReturn. "With an unrivalled combination of networking and content opportunity, the conference halls will be abuzz with ideas, insights and connections. There will be no better place to meet, learn from, and debate with the sharpest minds in the industry."  In addition to the main agenda, SuperReturn International will be hosting a Women in Private Markets Forum on Monday 3rd June, followed by five co-located one-day specialist summits on Tuesday 4th June dedicated to private debt, German private equity, technology value creation in PE, ESG, and a 2-day co-located SuperReturn Energy Transition event on Tuesday 4th and Wednesday 5th June. To view the full schedule of speakers and events, and to register to attend, please visit: https://informaconnect.com/superreturn-international/.   Sponsors of this year's event include Investcorp, UBS, Deloitte, Goodwin and Bain & Company.  About SuperReturn International SuperReturn International is the world's largest private equity and venture capital event, and part of the SuperReturn series of leading private equity events that take place across the world.  This four-day conference will bring together thousands of private equity and venture capital professionals, including 1,500+ Limited Partners (LPs), 2,400+ General Partners (GPs) and 350+ expert speakers from 70+ countries, to network and discuss current trends and opportunities within the private equity industry. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509488/private-capitals-most-senior-gathering-returns-to-berlin-for-superreturn-international-june-4-7) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 