# Babaians Law Firm Announces the Creating Your Future Scholarship

GLENDALE, CA, July 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Babaians Law Firm wants to invite undergraduate and graduate students in all fields of study to apply for its newly-debuted "Creating Your Future" Scholarship. This scholarship promises $2,500 to a student who can create a compelling video describing their goals for the future.  The firm requests that applicants create a one to two-minute video going into detail about their academic and career goals. We encourage students to think critically about questions like the following:  - What degree are you pursuing and why? - What do you plan to use your degree to benefit your community? - Describe what your ideal academic journey looks like - What obstacles do you anticipate making your collegiate career harder? - What is your unique approach to conquering your dreams?  Babaians Law Firm wants to celebrate a student who's already taken steps toward securing the future of their dreams. We want students to use their video essays to creatively elaborate on how they intend to bring a unique perspective to a collegiate and professional environment.  Students may use a suite of editing tools, like Adobe Creative Cloud, to complete their video essays. However, applicants do not need to elaborately edit their videos to secure the "Creating Your Future" Scholarship. The scholarship selection committee will value students' scholarship essays based on their contents.  With that in mind, we strongly encourage students to create their own scripts before recording their essays. While students may use AI to create B-roll for their essays, they may not use AI to replace their voices, create fake actors, or develop their scripts. Inappropriate use of AI will see a student's application disqualified.  Students have until November 1, 2024, to submit their completed video essays to the scholarship selection committee. Babaians Law Firm looks forward to hearing from you!  About Babaians Law Firm  The personal injury lawyers at Babaians Law Firm have provided comprehensive legal services to Glendale and Los Angeles for years. The team takes an aggressive stance for its clients, backing up requests for personal injury compensation with compassionate and knowledgeable representation.  It's the firm's goal to give Glendale and Los Angeles clients a voice in civil court. Residents can count on our team to take advantage of our network of legal, medical, and forensic experts on their behalf. We want to ensure our clients have every opportunity to recover from losses caused by someone else's negligence.  Personal injury accident survivors can contact Babaians Law Group today to book a FREE personal injury case evaluation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512291/babaians-law-firm-announces-the-creating-your-future-scholarship) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 