# Domestic Terrorism In The US: Norman Brewer's Captivating Political Thriller, January 6: A Novel Available In EBook At No Charge Aug. 14-16, 2024 At Amazon

WILMINGTON, NC, August 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bestselling author Norman Brewer has announced his latest political thriller, 'January 6: A Novel' will be available at no charge in ebook form August 14 through August 16 at Amazon.  In a recent quote, General Michael Hayden, retired four-star Air Force general and former director of the CIA and National Security Agency said, "January 6: A Novel underscores my worries that the assault on the Capitol could happen again, defiling our freedoms and threatening our democracy."  Domestic terrorism is not new, but the potential ramifications of an armed insurrection in the United States would certainly pose a dire threat to democratic institutions, ignite civil unrest, and destabilize the economy, most likely worldwide. Brewer's spellbinding novel gives us a chilling look at what might have been.  Who better to present a dire warning via an engrossing political novel than a former award-winning Washington journalist? Ron Cohen, former managing editor of UPI, said, "Journalist/novelist Norm Brewer has masterfully combined both those skills in a cracklingly good narrative of the Jan. 6, 2021 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol. His terrorists might be fictional characters, but he has so skillfully woven them into the horrors of that day you will feel like you've known them all your life."  In Brewer's masterful political thriller, democracy is assaulted when the President's rally morphs into a mob and storms the Capitol. Right-wing extremists take the House Speaker hostage, force a standoff, and unleash domestic terrorist attacks. The President weighs declaring martial law to restore order – and justify refusing to leave office.  The ebook version will be available at no charge August 14 through August 16, 2024 at Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/stores/Norman-Brewer/author/B0756KLHZM?ref=ap_rdr&isDramIntegrated=true&shoppingPortalEnabled=true.  In their review, Midwest Book Review stated, "Although a work of fiction, 'January 6: A Novel' provides genuine and vivid insider glimpses of what might come next in 2024 in real life. All kingdoms, empires, and nations throughout history have risen, flourished, and then fallen. America may not be an exception. Following a disputed election in 2020 and the possibility of an insurrectionist political candidate being once more defeated at the polls, the very real possibility of what is described in 'January 6: A Novel' makes it an unreservedly recommended addition to community and college/university library collections – and essential reading for those with interest in politics, terrorism, freedom, and the future of the United States of America."  Readers and reviewers alike have praised 'January 6'. Retired Army Maj. Gen. Mari Eder said, "Everyone who watched the events of January 6th unfold live on television that day in Washington knows how close this country came to total calamity. Norman Brewer's take on the events of that day is fiction, but only barely so. It will enthrall, frighten, and draw in the reader to feel as though they are inside the events of the day and leave them gasping with the awareness of what might well have been."  G. J. Meyer, New York Times bestselling author of 'A World Undone,' stated, "Drawing on skills honed as a Washington journalist, building on his exhaustive knowledge of what happened at the Capitol on that horrendous January day, Norman Brewer spins an all-too-plausible tale showing how easily events could have followed a worse course, with consequences even more ominous for the future of our democracy. The result is a great read and a work of genuine value."  'January 6: A Novel' is book 3 in the Anti-Hero Rebellions series. Book 1, 'Blending In: A Tale of Homegrown Terrorism,' introduces Stickman and Maple, homegrown terrorists hell-bent on bringing down the government. They break the mold of terrorists being social misfits, extremists seeking martyrdom. Stickman and Maple are trained and disciplined. They hold down jobs. They blend in. They could be your next-door neighbors.  Except for being hell-bent on upending government. These anti-heroes launch murderous attacks on "soft" targets – a press conference in DC, an iconic mall in the Heartland. Hundreds die. Fear grips the nation. Other extremists join their horrific crusade.  In Book 2, 'Killer Politics: A Satirical Tale of Homegrown Terrorism,' a Trump-like president inspires a white supremacist to launch attacks on innocents in a ruthless bid to incite civil war – and defend the "American way of life." Hoss, the supremacist, teams up with a "Most Wanted" terrorist to attack a rock concert, contaminate the food supply, destroy a reservoir, and flood homeowners living downstream. People die. Fear mounts. A rogue FBI agent is in hot pursuit.  Razor-edged satire, aimed at a so-called President Tower, is "keen and stinging," one reviewer said.  Norman Brewer was interviewed on The Authors Show. His interview can be accessed at https://wnbnetworkwest.com/channel/1/?play=January%206%3A%20A%20Novel. He is available for media interviews and can be reached by email at bbyb1@outlook.com. All of the books in the Anti-Hero Rebellions series are available in paperback and ebook versions at Amazon and other book retailers. 'January 6: A Novel' is also available at Amazon in audiobook format.  About Norman Brewer:  Norman Brewer is an award-winning reporter and editor who worked for The Des Moines Register and Tribune and for Gannett News Service in Washington, D.C. As a reporter, he covered Congress, the White House, and federal agencies, and pursued investigative projects that earned recognition, including from the National Press Club. He was also Director of Employee Communications at the U.S. Transportation Security Administration.  His experience has given him a powerful perspective regarding the January 6, 2021 insurrection at the Capitol, domestic terrorism, and the political landscape. Exposure to terrorism issues helped shape 'January 6: A Novel' as well as two earlier novels, 'Blending In: A Tale of Homegrown Terrorism,' and 'Killer Politics: A Satirical Tale of Homegrown Terrorism.' 'Killer Politics' can be read as a stand-alone book or as a sequel to 'Blending In.' 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513249/domestic-terrorism-in-the-us-norman-brewers-captivating-political-thriller-january-6-a-novel-available-in-ebook-at-no-charge-aug-14-16-2024-at-amazon)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1eomzk5/bestselling_author_offers_free_ebook_of_political/