# i-Showcase is Now Amptive!

LOS ANGELES, CA, August 10, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Over 10 years of experience guides Amptive to create solutions for jewelry stores and jewelry manufacturers as they market their jewelry in the digital-age. The Los-Angeles based company uses a combination of traditional marketing processes along with innovative methods involving the latest technologies for our ever-changing world. Amptive is the best jewelry marketing agency, with clients stretching all across the United States, Canada, and beyond.   Founded in 2011 by two engineering brothers, one from UCLA and one from UC Berkeley, developed the jewelry marketing agency now known as Amptive in response to the recognized need within the jewelry industry. What started under the name i-Showcase transformed into the comprehensive digital marketing agency that Amptive is today. Focusing on the needs of the jewelry industry allows them to help jewelry stores and jewelry manufacturers grow and make more sales, no matter the size of their business.   Amptive began by creating well-designed and highly functional websites for jewelry stores and manufacturers by developing their own CMS for straight-forward and sophisticated business. The next avenue that Amptive conquered was their e-boutique. This innovation allows jewelry manufacturers and jewelry stores to work together in better cohesion, so that the brand is represented well on the retailer's website and the retailer can easily display their jewelry selection for customers to buy.   With the success of these two sides of Amptive, the brothers then created a program that filters all the collected data into the website building platform for better data management. Amptive goes a step above just collecting the data by also analyzing the best marketing ideas for your jewelry business to create leads that can result in better profits. From branding to e-commerce, Amptive is there for their clients to discern what their needs are for their jewelry business and then implement a marketing plan that will help them reach their goals.   Amptive continues to lead the industry with their data management and website development platforms that assists retailers and manufacturers surpass their goals and strive for further success within the jewelry industry. Always innovating, Amptive works to improve their processes and technical advancements to keep their clients ahead of their competitors. Contact Amptive to learn more about their marketing ideas for jewelry businesses and their extensive services at their jewelry marketing company.  About Amptive  Based in Los Angeles, Amptive started in 2011 by two brothers passionate about helping jewelry businesses reach their full potential. From well-developed websites, to e-boutiques, and data management, Amptive is a full-service digital marketing agency that specializes in assisting jewelry stores and jewelry manufacturers gain more leads that can turn into larger profits. It is their pleasure to bring their clients dreams to life by brainstorming jewelry marketing ideas and instilling a marketing plan unique to their clients businesses. Contact their Los Angeles office to begin your digital marketing journey to enhance your jewelry business in extraordinary ways. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513305/i-showcase-is-now-amptive)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/MarketingNewsramp/comments/1eomzma/amptive_leading_the_way_in_jewelry_marketing/