# Dusty Cars Announces New Content on Porsche 911 1988 Valuation and Valuations of All Porsche 911 Vehicles

PLEASANTON, CA, August 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dusty Cars, California's top-rated classic car valuation and buying service at https://dustycars.com/, is proud to announce a new post on a recent Porsche 911 1988 valuation. The 911 Carrera 4 features innovative features, including an all-wheel drive for enhanced stability, and the valuation showcases the company's prowess as a top valuation service for classic Porsche 911s.   "The 1980s was an interesting decade for Porsche. For instance, all-wheel drive was introduced, giving the car better handling at high speeds," explained Douglas Berry, founder of Dusty Cars. "Plus, the sports car image became part of 1980s culture. Anyone seeking a valuation for a classic Porsche 911 is encouraged to read this new content."  Porsche enthusiasts and collectors can review the page about a 1980s classic Porsche at https://dustycars.com/news/owning-a-piece-of-porsche-history-the-thrill-of-the-1988-porsche-911/. The new post explains what a 1988 Porsche 911 may be worth. Dusty Cars, located in Pleasanton, California, serves the United States with appraisal, valuations, cash offers, and sales of luxury vehicles.. Luxury classic sports car brands include Porsche, Jaguar, Bugatti, Maserati, Ferrari, and Corvette. A Dusty Cars team member can provide an initial classic vehicle appraisal via video chat and then travel to the location for a more in-depth valuation. Classic car enthusiasts interested in 1980s Porsche sportscars can also visit the newly updated and model-specific page at https://dustycars.com/makes/porsche/porsche-911-1988/. Valuations can rely on various factors when assessing a classic Porsche. No two appraisals may be the same for a specific model. The going market and a car's current condition can be a standard reason for a particular cash offer.  Dusty Cars can provide a Porsche 911 valuation for a classic car in any condition; interested owners are encouraged to reach out with photos and receive a valuation.  PORSCHE 911 VALUATION RECALLS THE FAST TIMES OF THE DECADE  Here is the background on this release. Many sports car enthusiasts might believe the precision engineering and built-for-speed design of the Porsche 911 surged during the 1980s decade. Certain features introduced during the decade, such as four-wheel drive, may have increased torque and allowed maximum traction at higher speeds. Porsche enthusiasts of the era may be searching for the "right" Porsche 911 to enjoy. A sports car that recalls the luxury, style, and speed of the 1980's may be the goal. Owners ready to sell can speak to a Porsche 911 valuation service for a quick cash offer. Indeed, anyone seeking a valuation service for classic Porsches, Mercedes, or Jaguars is encouraged to reach out to the company.  ABOUT DUSTY CARS  Dusty Cars is California's top classic car buyer. The company buys classic cars offering top prices, free evaluations, and best-in-class cash offers. The company focuses on truly "classic" vehicles such as classic Porsches, classic Jaguars (especially the Jaguar E-series), and classic Mercedes. It buys classic Alfa Romeos, Fords, Chevys, and Toyotas, depending on year and condition. Persons who want to sell a classic car fast and fair are encouraged to visit the website and contact a vintage car specialist for a cash offer.  Web. https://dustycars.com/ Tel. 415-387-8922 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513732/dusty-cars-announces-new-content-on-porsche-911-1988-valuation-and-valuations-of-all-porsche-911-vehicles)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1f5v1yh/dusty_cars_releases_new_post_on_valuation_of_1988/