# Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes Cutting Edge Luxury Models For Sale Coming Soon at Lotus Palm

BOCA RATON, FL, August 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Itchko and Misha Ezratti's GL Homes is excited to announce the highly anticipated sale of it's cutting edge, contemporary model homes at Lotus Palm is coming soon. This exciting model sales event planned for September 13 will give high-end luxury home buyers in Boca Raton a rare and unique opportunity to own one of these stunning new homes – each fully furnished and offering one-of-a-kind finishes and features.   The ultramodern style of these homes is reflected from the inside out and provides the ultimate in sophisticated living. With an incredible list of high-end features and options in each model home, and featuring multiple floorplan designs to choose from, you're sure to find the home of your dreams with the latest trends in modern living awaiting you at Lotus Palm.  Since its original introduction in Boca Raton in 2019, Itchko and Misha Ezratti's GL Homes' Lotus brand communities have raised the bar on contemporary living and redefined modern new home luxury year after year. The latest Lotus 100% contemporary home designs feature ultra-modern elevations, expansive floorplans, and a thriving lifestyle, anchored by a multimillion-dollar clubhouse. The success of the Lotus, Lotus Palm and Lotus Edge communities have cemented Lotus' reputation as the pinnacle of modern luxury.   Lotus Palm is situated in a highly sought-after Boca Raton location off Glades Road and Florida's Turnpike, giving residents easy access to all the top-notch shopping, dining, entertainment, highly-rated schools and so much more that make this such a desirable area to live. Lotus Palm is also just a short drive to the stunning beaches, scenic parks, and award-winning golf courses that Boca Raton is famous for.   The model homes are open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and are available for previewing at the Lotus Palm Model Gallery located at 8532 Crystal Downs Ave in Boca Raton. For more information, call (561) 585-8800 or visit GLHomes.com/Lotus-Palm/.  About GL Homes  Founded in 1976, GL Homes is a uniquely American success story. Built by Itchko Ezratti, who believed that hard work, integrity, and quality craftsmanship would thrive in the marketplace, GL Homes has since grown into one of Florida's largest homebuilders.   Misha Ezratti, son of company founder Itchko Ezratti, is President of GL Homes and leads the charge in overseeing operations across the state of Florida today. Misha Ezratti continues to reinforce the culture started by his father that every employee and customer is part of the GL Homes family. Those enduring values are reflected in every home built by GL Homes today.  With a more than 45 year track record, countless industry awards and accolades, and most importantly more than 100,000 happy GL homeowners, it's easy to see how GL Homes has grown into a top luxury home builder across both Florida and the nation. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513950/itchko-ezrattis-gl-homes-cutting-edge-luxury-models-for-sale-coming-soon-at-lotus-palm) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 