# Top Gun Dog Training Voted The Best Pros in Town of Huntsville, Alabama

HUNTSVILLE, AL, August 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Well known in the Huntsville, AL, area for his puppy and dog training programs, Dale Buchanan of Top Gun Dog Training has been awarded The 2024 Best Pros In Town. This is the first year Top Gun Dog Training has received the award and the 4th similar award in the past eight months.  Top Gun Dog Training is proudly recommended by many happy customers! BestProsInTown prides itself on recognizing the best businesses in the service industry, and Top Gun Dog Training has truly stood out among the rest.  Top Gun Dog Training offers training sessions in the owner's home in the Huntsville, AL area, covering basic obedience commands, leash training, and socialization skills. Dale's training methods focus on positive reinforcement.  "Having Dale's help with our Akita has been invaluable! Our family, including our 14-year-old son, learned how to effectively lead our dog, ensuring he lives a disciplined and fulfilling life. Our 7-month-old puppy struggled with jumping, chewing, and fearfulness. Now, we feel empowered to raise him into a great family dog. We are grateful for Dale's house visits and field trips, showing genuine care for our dog. We highly recommend Top Gun Dog Training!."  Rachael - Huntsville, AL  In addition to winning this award, Dale has published three top-selling puppy training books, hosted 106 Puppy Talk Podcast episodes, and successfully trained over 1,300 puppies. All of Dale's work has been well-received, with glowing 5-star reviews.   "I rescued Willow (lab) from the shelter and she was giving me so many problem. Biting, destroying everything, would act out even worse after getting in trouble, and just wouldn't listen to a single thing. After finishing the program with Dale, she is a completely different dog. She listens, never bites, sits, lays, and even high fives on command. He turned her into the perfect pet. She is so well behaved and loving. Couldn't recommend Dale enough! He is phenomenal! I never would have thought Willow could be this great!" Regan - Madison, AL  Top Gun Dog Training is available to take on new clients for dog training and puppy Training.  Press contact:  Dale Buchanan, Top Gun Dog Training Phone: 256-801-3722 Email: dale@topgundogtraining.com  Website: http://topgundogtraining.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513941/top-gun-dog-training-voted-the-best-pros-in-town-of-huntsville-alabama)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1f5v26b/top_gun_dog_training_awarded_the_2024_best_pros/