# GRE Alpha Partners With Japan Display Inc. On LumiFree Lighting Technology

TOKYO, JAPAN, April 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- GRE Alpha has partnered with Japan Display Inc. (JDI) — a leading lighting solutions and technology developer.   Japan Display Inc. is a leading global provider of liquid crystal technology.   The alliance forged in Japan will focus on groundbreaking LumiFree technology. Japan Display Inc. developed LumiFree based on its deep expertise in backplane and frontplane technologies, which it has developed over many years in the display industry.  New Uses for Liquid Crystal Technology  Liquid crystal (LC) represents a state of matter that bridges the properties of traditional liquids and solid crystals. For instance, while liquid crystals can flow similarly to liquids, their molecules are often aligned similarly to solids. Most consumers are accustomed to seeing the technology employed to illuminate flat screens for mobile devices and TVs. LCs unique properties attract scientists across chemistry, physics, materials science, and engineering—theorists and experimentalists alike. Advances in harnessing LCs' unique properties have led to the development of LumiFree.  LumiFree allows users to control the light distribution characteristics of lighting at any given time, enabling the right amount of light to be delivered at the right time and place. Using liquid crystal technology, LumiFree enables users to deliver the same light as multiple luminaires with only one device.   Using LumiFree allows customers to control light distribution characteristics remotely instead of working in unsafe locations to change lenses or reflectors — resulting in cost-effectiveness and safer work conditions.   JDI is working to contribute to realizing a sustainable society by creating value through new lighting effects, reducing energy consumption by optimizing lighting for each usage scenario, and reducing light pollution.  The partnership between GRE Alpha and JDI enables further expansion of LumiFree-compliant products. It will facilitate the development and sale of dimming modules that allow simultaneous control of LEDs and LumiFree and develop interface products that enable using LumiFree in existing lighting control systems.  Through this partnership, GRE Alpha can add LumiFree control, which enables dimming, color, and light distribution characteristics control. On the other hand, Japan Display Inc. can provide customers with many different kinds of lighting controls based on GRE Alpha's control technology.   Together, GRE Alpha and JDI can further expand the capabilities of lighting controls. Moving forward with collaborative R&D and advances in lighting is critical to providing the modern lighting solutions consumers are looking for in today's market. GRE Alpha will plan to arrange wide control variations for wireless and wired solutions based on customer convenience.   At GRE Alpha, we deeply value our collaborators, particularly those whose goals resonate with our own: to craft and distribute innovative lighting products and solutions to our worldwide clientele. We are thankful for the opportunity to work alongside JDI and look forward to the possibilities with LumiFree and other lighting projects.  About LumiFree   Japan Display Inc. (JDI) has developed LumiFree off the back of its deep expertise in backplane and frontplane technologies that it has developed over many years in the display industry. LumiFree makes it possible to control the light distribution characteristics of lighting at any given time, enabling the right amount of light delivered at the right time and place. JDI is working to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by creating new value through new lighting effects, reducing energy consumption by optimizing lighting for each usage scenario, and reducing light pollution caused by the excessive use of lighting.  About GRE Alpha  GRE Alpha® Electronics, Ltd. specializes in designing and manufacturing solid-state lighting power supplies and lighting control accessories, which are the lifeblood of indoor and outdoor LED lighting systems. Their superior performance products are the power behind LED lighting systems. GRE's unique modular approach allows its dimming modules and drivers to be used in new or existing installations. For more information, visit GREAlpha.com, follow us on LinkedIn, or contact:   GRE Alpha Electronics, Ltd. Sales and Marketing TEL: +813-5403-6364 Email: yoshihito.mori@grealpha.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509855/gre-alpha-partners-with-japan-display-inc-on-lumifree-lighting-technology) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 