# First Ever Colombian Government/Guerilla Group Territorial Commitment for Peace to Result in Demining Land and the Restoring of Hundreds of Displaced Families

ANAHEIM, CA, July 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On July 19, in Pasto, Nariño, Colombia, for the first time in the history of the nation, the Colombian government signed a commitment to enact a territorial peace process with local guerrilla insurgency group Comuneros del Sur, as well as with the local community and indigenous youth representatives. The commitment will begin resolution to violence and tension that has displaced thousands of local families for the last several years.   As both the President of Colombia Gustavo Petro and High Commissioner of Peace Otty Patiño were once nationalist guerilla fighters from April 19th Movement (M-19), that existed until the year 1990 when they signed a peace agreement. The government cabinet has an appreciation of what Comuneros del Sur idealizes, and both sides of the struggle desire peace.   "This implies the suspension of hostilities against the population and the cleaning not only physically of the territories through demining, but also the search and recognition of missing persons, as well as a spiritual cleansing. All of this must be addressed in the working groups to advance this process," Patiño said in regards to the process moving forward from the peace commitment. "We don't want this to be just another event, but one where we come out with working groups that address various key aspects moving forward. To achieve this, we need a peace force and solid, organized teams that include everyone: national, departmental, municipal institutions, indigenous authorities and women."  The Peace Commitment Presentation, which was held at Universidad CESMAG, was witnessed by third party participants including NGO Heavenly Culture World Peace Restoration of Light (HWPL), and local indigenous youth. Not only was this be the fist time for a commitment to peace and territorial peace process to take place, but it was also a new milestone to invite public involvement, Patiño states, who believes witnessing this historic moment will inspire the youth's accountability toward building a brighter, more peaceful future.  Symbolic to the unity Nariño desires to create, the event featured a mandala made of fruits and produce from the various territories of the region, at center of the venue, where leaders placed their representative flags as well as symbols of peace. The opening of the gathering was dedicated to leaders lighting candles around the mandala and sharing a prayer for a peaceful future.   Initiatives to be actualized by the peace cooperation will include demining villages within Nariño, to allow for farming, productivity and the overall peace and well being of local residents, transition of Comuneros del Sur members to civilians and measures against children and adolescents from forced recruitment. Coupled with this action, safe passage will be provided for hundreds of displaced families will be moving back to the local villages within the following months. HWPL will also work to provide peace leadership training for youth to further education and the value and mindset of peace in face of pressure to join various guerilla insurgency groups and further the country's infighting.   "We fully believe in the power to construct a future for our youth, where we can strengthen our culture, our teachers, our own rights, our community's economy, and ethnic prevention for our people," said Julica Sedo, a youth leader from Organization de Respaldo indígena de pueblo Vale de Pacifico, who was particularly touched that international organizations like HWPL were stepping in to help. "We firmly believe that international organizations can intervene in communities, helping to advance by working together with. Historically, we have suffered through many adversities, so we hope to continue working together and not forget the peoples exist here in Nariño, as well as throughout Colombia."  Related Link: http://hwpl.us 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512725/first-ever-colombian-governmentguerilla-group-territorial-commitment-for-peace-to-result-in-demining-land-and-the-restoring-of-hundreds-of-displaced-families) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 