# Shincheonji Church Of Jesus Draws Large Crowd of 80,000 In Cheongju

PERTH, AUSTRALIA, September 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Shincheonji's General Assembly Chairman Man-hee Lee visited Cheongju during his nationwide tour to emphasise the importance of the fulfilment of Revelation.  About 100 pastors from established Churches came to worship together, and a welcoming procession of over 4 km welcomed the Chairman.  Mr Lee has visited over 40 Churches this year in his nationwide tour, a travel distance that exceeds halfway around the world.  On September 8, 2024, Cheongju in the North Chungcheong Province of the Republic of Korea was bustling with 80,000 people as one-tenth of its population (850,000) gathered in one place for Sunday worship. The place where the crowds gathered was the Matthias Tribe Cheongju Church, a branch of Shincheonji Church of Jesus, the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony.  Wide participation  This year, it was even more meaningful as it marked the 30th anniversary of the establishment of the Cheongju Church. Around 100 Protestant pastors also attended to hear the Chairman's sermon.  From early morning that day, numerous believers lined up along the 4 km distance from the Cheongju interchange to the entrance of Cheongju Church, to welcome Chairman Lee.  He said, "How thankful I am that God has revealed to us the words of the Book of Revelation that no one knew for 6000 years. These words are life. We must have faith that is 100% in line with these words, and this means becoming one with God."  "We can reveal the truth (of the prophecy of the Book of Revelation), so this is the biggest difference. However, we were in the same position as those who did not know in the past. So now we must humble ourselves before everyone and explain the right thing and help them understand," he added.  Since the founding of the Shincheonji Church of Jesus, Chairman Lee has emphasised the importance of the revealed word and the necessity of a Bible-centred faith. This year alone, including this visit to the Cheongju Church, he has visited more than 40 domestic and international churches to focus on delivering the revealed word.  Accordingly, a change is being observed in which domestic and international believers who have not been able to quench their thirst for the word are turning to the Shincheonji Church of Jesus.  A pastor in attendance, who has been practicing his faith in the Presbyterian Church for over 30 years, said, "I was inspired by the Chairman's lecture at the Word Conference, where he clearly explained the entire Book of Revelation."  This confession is supported by data. According to a survey conducted by the Pastoral Data Research Institute last September targeting 1000 Protestants aged 19 or older, 65% of domestic Protestant Church attendees responded that they "feel spiritually thirsty."  Moreover, more than half of the total number of respondents, 55%, responded that they "want to receive systematic Bible education from pastors."  De-Religionlisation of the Young  The de-religionisation of young people in their 20s and 30s is on the rise, and this is the biggest concern in the Protestant community.  Shincheonji Church of Jesus is seeing an increase in the number of young believers in their 20s and 30s, and more than 100,000 members completing the regular course of approximately eight months every year.  "The core of the message conveyed by the Chairman is that the prophecies of the Book of Revelation have actually come true and have appeared in physical reality. In this regard, Shincheonji Church of Jesus has a systematic curriculum and is providing education to many people, regardless of gender, age, religion or non-religion, so that they would recognise it," an official said.  By Shincheonji Perth Email: perthzion@gmail.com  About Shincheonji Church of Jesus  Shincheonji Church of Jesus was established in 1984 in Seoul, South Korea and has since grown exponentially with branch churches in more than 120 countries internationally and a congregation of more than 400,000 members worldwide.  More information please visit: https://www.shincheonji.org/  About Zion Christian Mission Centre  The Zion Christian Mission Centre is Shincheonji Church of Jesus' Theological School. The Bible course is divided into three modules and takes 6-8 months to complete. It is free and open to anybody who wishes to register and study the Bible.  More information please visit: https://zcmc.org.ph/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514201/shincheonji-church-of-jesus-draws-large-crowd-of-80000-in-cheongju)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1fe474e/shincheonjis_general_assembly_chairman_emphasises/