# 50 Cats and Kittens From Maui Have Arrived at Humane Society Silicon Valley

MILPITAS, CA, May 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is now sheltering 50 felines — 37 cats and 13 kittens — from Maui Humane Society (MHS) and Lanai Cat Sanctuary, creating more room at those locations for animals, including ones displaced by last summer's wildfires.  MHS had almost 200 feral felines in their care that were permanently displaced by the Lahaina fires in August 2023. Lanai Cat Sanctuary generously agreed to take in these cats if they were able to make space by moving social felines out.  Lanai Cat Sanctuary has a four-acre "purradise" to provide feral and community island felines a protected home for life, and helps to protect endangered species of birds found on the islands. The sanctuary provides a high quality of life for feral felines that are accustomed to the freedom of the outdoors and would struggle to adapt to life in indoor shelters.  Humane Society Silicon Valley is the last piece of the puzzle to not only provide a fresh start for the felines moving to Lanai, but also for socialized Lanai felines to find their own families in the mainland. HSSV will place the incoming cats up for adoption or with local rescue partners.  "It's an extremely rewarding experience to know we're having a positive impact on so many cats and kittens from Maui," said Jessica Zubizarreta, Program Manager, Rescue & Animal Movement at HSSV. "These types of collaborative, creative solutions between organizations to save and improve lives are only possible with community and public support like donating, fostering, and adopting, so we're very grateful that we were able to be in a position to help."  Greater Good Charities, a global nonprofit organization that works to help people, pets, and the planet, coordinated the charter flight and supervised the cats on their five-hour flight from Maui to the Bay Area. They also assisted MHS with a large transport of shelter pets to the mainland immediately following the fires to make room for incoming fire survivors.  HSSV anticipates that care for each cat will cost around $1000, which will cover medical, spay/neuter, vaccines, food, and other necessities. To help these Hawaii rescues, please donate at hssv.org/urgent. For more information on adopting a Maui rescue cat, please visit this page. To learn more about HSSV, visit hssv.org.  See additional photos and video footage of the cats as they travel from Maui to HSSV here.  About Humane Society Silicon Valley Humane Society Silicon Valley (HSSV) is an independent, privately funded, 501(c)(3) non-profit organization serving people and pets for over 90 years. In 2017, HSSV became the first organization ever to earn model shelter status according to the guidelines set forth by the Association of Shelter Veterinarians. As an independent non-profit organization, HSSV does not receive funding from Humane Society of the United States, ASPCA, or state and federal government entities. HSSV offers quality adoptions, affordable spaying/neutering, vaccinations, microchipping services, pet care services, and education programs to enhance the human-animal bond. Established in 1929, HSSV has adopted more than 500,000 animals into permanent, loving homes. Animal welfare is their top priority and their mission is to save lives, keep families together, and create a better future for pets and their people. For more information, visit HSSV.org.  About Maui Humane Society Maui Humane Society is the island's only open admission shelter, accepting all animals in need. The organization cares for over 4,900 animals a year and offers high-volume, low-cost spay/neuter surgeries to the public for owned pets. The shelter has a robust foster and volunteer program, transfers hundreds of animals through Wings of Aloha flights to adoption-guaranteed homes, practices TNR as a humane method of reducing the community cat population, and provides food and supplies at no cost to disadvantaged pet owners through the 4EverPets community outreach program. Visit mauihumanesociety.org for more information.  Online press kit: HumaneSocietySiliconValley.OnlinePressKit247.com  For more information, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510673/50-cats-and-kittens-from-maui-have-arrived-at-humane-society-silicon-valley) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 