# Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Science Scholarship – 2023 Award Winner

LOS ANGELES, CA, October 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Science Scholarship committee received many qualified applicants for their 2023-2024 award year. The winner has been announced and Dr. Kezian would like to congratulate Iliana Acevedo on her exceptional application. The award was based on the candidate's academic merit, community service, and need for financial assistance.   Dr. Kezian was so happy to see so many applicants, all whose main goal was to excel in their education. He wishes all current students the best in all their existing progress and encourages both them and prospective students to apply to scholarships as often as possible.   Iliana is a current Sophomore at WashU (Washington University in St. Louis) double majoring in Biology and Anthropology on the premedical track. She hopes to use her education to help overcome obstacles minorities face today. Diving into the rhetoric of medicine and the causes of inequity, by learning others' experiences and sharing her own, she hope to guide the next generation, helping make medicine a more diverse and equitable field.  Iliana loves getting involved with her community and on campus is a part of several clubs. As a part of EST (Emergency Support Team), Iliana serves as an EMT providing free 24/7 service care to her peers. She also holds several positions on EST. She is currently on Selections, in charge of designing the interview process for new technicians to become a part of EST. Most recently, she also became a CPR instructor and holds free classes for students and faculty to become CPR certified. She has started a pilot program with a few of her team members that offers CPR classes in Spanish in order to address the health disparities in Hispanic communities. Due to the recent efforts of her team, WashU has been named a Heart Safe Campus and has received the Missouri Public Health Association Award.  You can read more about Iliana and her many accomplishments at https://www.drkezian.com/2024-scholarship-winner/.   Now, with the Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Science Scholarship money, Iliana is one step closer to his goals. Having the scholarship award money will allow her to focus on what is important to her, her studies and volunteering.  In response to winning this award, Iliana said "I feel very fortunate to have people like Dr. Kezian believe in me. With this scholarship, I am able to continue pursuing my dreams of becoming the first physician in my family. Someday I hope to be in a similar position where I can give back to students like this."  To see Iliana's video submission for her application, please click the following link: https://youtu.be/8U5WD3PmEGU?si=ipzUTTpNT-DGl5HW  The Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Science Scholarship will be awarded again next year and Dr. Kezian hopes to see countless eager students applying. Knowing how much this scholarship could assist, he decided that when he was in a position to do so, he would give back to the community. He created the Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS Science Scholarship for students in the science field to help a deserving person achieve their educational goals. The Dr. Arthur A. Kezian Science Scholarship is awarded to a high school or college student who has demonstrated academic merit, community service, and financial need.  "I have been a student majoring in science myself and know how competitive the field is. By presenting students with a scholarship opportunity, I can help them understand the importance of individual accomplishment when it comes to reaching their objectives, assist them financially, and teach them about the significance of higher education."  Dr. Kezian thanks those who applied for this scholarship and wishes them success in their future goals. He encourages students to continue to follow their goals and to apply again for next year's scholarship.  If you think that you are a good candidate for this scholarship, or know someone who is, consider applying for the 2024-2025 year. Information regarding requirements, application, frequently asked questions and more can be found here: https://www.drkezian.com/science-scholarship/. The deadline for applications is 11:59 pm Eastern Standard Time on May 31, 2025.  Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS 443 N. Larchmont Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90004 (323) 467-2777 http://www.drkezian.com  On behalf of Dr. Kezian and his entire staff, we wish all students the best of luck!  Dr. Arthur A. Kezian DDS is a dental office located in the heart of Larchmont Village in Hollywood. Dr. Kezian and his staff work at the dental office completing numerous procedures for their amazing patients. Dr. Kezian continues to undergo advanced and expert training and has earned close to 5000 credit hours in numerous specialties. He focuses on almost all aspects of dentistry including general and cosmetic dentistry, implant dentistry, emergency dentistry, root canal therapy, pain management, periodontics, removable prosthetics, porcelain crowns, porcelain veneers, teeth whitening, teeth recontouring, white fillings, gum surgery, dental extractions, wisdom teeth extractions, TMJ disorder, and much more. If you would like to schedule an appointment to get any of the abovementioned procedures completed, please feel free to contact our office by calling (323) 467-2777 or you can make an appointment by using our convenient online appointment scheduling system linked here: https://www.drkezian.com/book-appointment-now/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515191/dr-arthur-a-kezian-dds-science-scholarship-2023-award-winner)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1g143xe/dr_arthur_a_kezian_dds_science_scholarship_winner/