# EXIT FACTOR EXPANDS TERRITORY WITH NEW LOCATION IN Buffalo, NY

WILLIAMSVILLE, NY, October 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Exit Factor™, a business consulting franchise that specializes in exit planning for small to mid-sized companies, announced today the opening of its newest location in Buffalo, NY. Owner, Shareefa Albanna, an entrepreneur and business consultant with over a decade of experience establishing her own companies and providing clients with business development services, will be the owner and operator of Exit Factor Buffalo.  The Exit Factor program is a proven process with tailored exit plans that safeguard the long-term value of a business now and in the future, no matter the size. Designed to help owners take control of their business by maximizing profit, efficiency, and value from day one, even if a sale isn't uppermost on the owner's mind.   "My consulting work has contributed to workforce development opportunities; creating jobs and economic opportunities for historically marginalized business owners," said Albanna, franchise owner. "While I could have continued focusing solely on my own clients, this opportunity with Exit Factor has provided me with the tools to expand my services and offer even greater value to the entrepreneurial ecosystem. I'm excited to now provide full-cycle business services and help foster a thriving community of business owners."  The company was founded by best-selling author, speaker, and small-business advocate Jessica Fialkovich. Her passion for helping business owners maximize their company's value, grew from her experience as a business broker and owner of a Transworld Business Advisors® franchise. For businesses that were not quite ready to sell, or had potential to increase their value prior to listing, Fialkovich developed a program, teaching strategies on ways to build value, profitability, and salability.   "We're very proud of the success Exit Factor has had in helping businesses plan for profitability to ensure business owners maximize their company's value when it's time to sell," Jessica Fialkovich said. "We look forward to bringing Shareefa on board to help even more business owners."  Participants in Exit Factor's program also earn back an average of $2,700 in exit value for every hour they spend in the program. Within the first year, clients have seen a 25% increase in profit with a 56.7% increase in the value of the business and for those that have decided to sell, they've done so at a 100% success rate.   Exit Factor is part of United Franchise Group's family of trusted companies, representing the very best in its industry and the mark of quality for customers, providing the ultimate in service, reliability, and value.  About Exit Factor    Exit Factor™ offers a proven method that helps small to mid-size business owners maximize their company's value. It's among the United Franchise Group™ (UFG) family of affiliated brands and consultants, representing the very best in their industries. Through one-on-one consulting services and online programs, the trusted advisors at Exit Factor teach entrepreneurs how to successfully improve their company's efficiency, value and ultimately ability to exit. For more information, visit www.ExitFactor.com and for more information on owning a Exit Factor franchise, visit www.exitfactorfranchise.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515148/exit-factor-expands-territory-with-new-location-in-buffalo-ny) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 