# An Innovative Lending Solution Served Up with Empathetic Customer Service

DES PLAINES, IL, March 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- "Families who are struggling financially don't have a lot of good options," says Markishia Robateau, lending services representative for online lender GoCredit.me. "They aren't likely to get much help from banks or credit unions. And there are a lot of alternative lending solutions that would put these folks in even worse financial shape.  "That's why I'm so proud to work for GoCredit.me," she continues. "Our savings and installment loan—and our customer service—are all about helping our customers get to a better place."  GoCredit.me, headquartered in Illinois, is a fintech (financial technology, abbreviated to fintech, is a term used to describe new technology that seeks to improve and automate the delivery and use of financial services) and one of Illinois' fastest growing companies.   The company makes loans available to Illinois and Indiana customers.  Millions of families have no savings to provide financial stability  Nearly one in four (22 percent) of U.S. households have no emergency savings, according to the 2024 Annual Emergency Savings Report from consumer financial services company Bankrate. Almost 30 percent of American families have some emergency savings, but not enough to cover three months of expenses.  The study also found that a record-high number (36 percent) of U.S. households have more credit card debt than emergency savings.  "Those numbers represent the millions of families that are one unexpected expense—a medical bill, surprise auto repair or other unpredictable event—away from financial disaster because they have no savings to provide a cushion," notes Markishia.  "The GoCredit.me savings and installment loan was designed with these families in mind," she continues. "It's a real game-changer that helps people build savings and get to a better financial situation."  It's Simple: Cash Loans + Savings!SM  With the GoCredit.me savings and installment loan, customers get cash for their immediate needs, while a portion of the loan amount is placed into a secure customer savings component.   As the customer makes regular installment payments on the loan, the savings component accrues interest and grows. When the loan is paid off in full, the customer gets full access to the funds in the savings component.  "Once the loan is paid off in full," says Markishia, "our customers find themselves with savings that provide greater financial stability.  "They're in a much better situation," she continues. "They're more prepared to handle unexpected expenses and plan for the future.  "And our loan also gives customers the chance to build a positive credit history as they make regular installment payments," Markishia adds. "That's another great benefit that helps them get to a better place."  Caring customer service built on empathy  "I can identify with so many of our customers and empathize with what they're going through," Markishia states, "because I've been in that situation myself.  "I make sure our customers are comfortable with the process and fully informed about our loan," she continues. "Once they understand the benefits of the savings and installment loan, they really like it.  "But it's important to listen carefully to customers and try to understand their needs," she adds. "I want to help them see what they can afford to pay in their installments so they're still able to pay their bills.  "We believe in looking out for the well-being of our customers," she concludes. "We care about them and want to help them move toward financial stability."  About GoCredit.me  GoCredit.me, Illinois' fast-growing fintech, is headquartered in suburban Chicago. The company makes its GoCredit.me savings and installment loan available to Illinois and Indiana customers. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509388/an-innovative-lending-solution-served-up-with-empathetic-customer-service) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 