# Great Tibet Tour Announce the Launch of Dunhuang Lhasa Tourist Train

LHASA, CHINA, March 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- From April 20th to October 12th, 2024, the "Tibetan Gesang Flower · Snowy Pride" tourist train is scheduled to operate once a week, according to the announcement of Great Tibet Tour. This special train will continue to deepen the interconnection between Gansu and Tibet via Qinghai, allowing tourists to appreciate the magnificent landscapes, profound history and Buddhist culture of western China, bringing new vitality and opportunities to the tourism industry.  It is reported that this is also the first time that the Qinghai-Tibet Railway has operated a "cruise-style" tourist train, providing a better option for traveling to Tibet by train. The train departs from Xining, stops at Golmud and Dunhuang, and arrives in Lhasa, crossing almost all the scenic landscapes in the west. It connects the "Silk Road" and the "Sky Road" together. Through a journey that combines train travel with scenery, tourists will visit representative scenic spots such as Qinghai Lake, Chaka Salt Lake, and Da Qaidam Emerald Lake, as well as Dunhuang and other Silk Road stations. Passengers can experience the landscapes of the Gobi Desert, snow-capped mountains, salt lake, desert, and grassland at one time, and encounter rare animals such as Tibetan antelope and wild yak. This is undoubtedly a legendary journey to explore the unique human landscape and natural beauty of western China.  On this special tourist train, passengers will have the opportunity to stop for half an hour at the unmanned tourist stations on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway—Tanggula Station and Cona Lake Station. They are allowed to get off the train to enjoy the beautiful scenery and take photos. These two stations are both located at the world's highest points and will be open to passengers for the first time in 17 years. Tanggula Station, at an altitude of 5068 meters, is the highest railway station in the world. Cona Lake Station, at an altitude of 4594 meters, is by the side of the world's highest-altitude freshwater lake. This unique experience will be unforgettable for every passenger.  In addition, the schedule of this train is also carefully arranged. When the train passes over the Shashangou Grand Bridge in the Dunhuang-Gulmud section of the Dunhuang railway, passengers will enjoy the magnificent desert scenery under the setting sun. During the 94-kilometer 180° super long turn from Aksay to Subei Station, the altitude will increase by 1000 meters, and passengers will personally experience the most eye-catching line of Chinese railways. After entering the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, passengers will see the sunrise over the source of the Yangtze River and the snow plains of the Hoh Xil at the right time, with Tibetan antelopes running alongside the train on both sides.  The train is equipped with all soft sleeper compartments, with two sets of oxygen production equipment, and is accompanied by travel stewards and doctors. Good equipment and facilities, carefully arranged travel schedules, and innovative travel routes, combined with the "all-inclusive" service experience, together create a perfect ten-day journey through Qinghai, Gansu, and Tibet.  Once the news was announced, it attracted widespread attention and a warm response. Many people are looking forward to the arrival of this special train, hoping to personally embark on this mysterious journey and experience the magnificent scenery and unique culture of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. Unlike other Tibet train tickets, it cannot be booked through 12306. Great Tibet Tour can handle this trip for you. Please feel free to send an inquiry.  Great Tibet Tour is a recommended Tibet travel agency by Lonely Planet. As one of the biggest private international travel agencies licensed by the Tibet Tourism Bureau, years of experience taught Great Tibet Tour how important it is for travelers to have a trusted resource to rely on for the trip. Great Tibet Tour wants you to have a worry-free Tibet holiday by being the rock behind you, steadily and quietly taking care of all the necessary formal procedures, leaving you only the fun part of traveling in a foreign and exotic land. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509403/great-tibet-tour-announce-the-launch-of-dunhuang-lhasa-tourist-train) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 