# International Church Celebrates 40 Years of Faith and Global Outreach

ATLANTA, GA, March 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Starting with no temples to being requested by 10,000 churches at home and abroad for word exchange, Shincheonji Church of Jesus, Temple of the Tabernacle of Testimony was founded in 1984, consisting of 12 tribes according to the Bible.  In celebration of its 40th anniversary, Shincheonji Church of Jesus, Temple of the Tabernacle of Testimony (hereinafter referred to as Shincheonji Church of Jesus) announced the process of change from its founding to the present, as it worked according to the promise of God for the healing of all nations.  According to the "Announcement of the 40th Anniversary History Report" at the founding ceremony on March 14th, Shincheonji Church of Jesus was founded on March 14, 1984. At the time of its founding, it did not have a proper temple, so worship was held outdoors, and it was not until June of the same year that it prepared its first small temple in Bisan-dong, Anyang-si, Gyeonggi-do.  In September of the same year, the "Sacred Constitution of Shincheonji" was announced, and the following year, 1985, the nationwide revelation seminars began. On March 14, 1995, the 11th anniversary of its founding, the organization of the 12 tribes according to the shape described in heaven in the Bible was completed. Thereafter, in 1999, the General Assembly headquarters and temple were moved to Gwacheon, Gyeonggi-do, the site where Revelation was fulfilled, and are still located there today.  The Zion Christian Mission Center, a free Bible training facility of the Shincheonji Church of Jesus, has expanded nationwide since the Sadang Center in Seoul in 1990, teaching not only the Bible's prophecies but also the reality of their fulfillment at beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels. In 2020, online training was introduced and seen as the beginning of an era of fully-fledged communication theology.  The Zion Christian Mission Center, which held its first graduation ceremony in 1991, held its first "100,000 graduation ceremony" in 2019 by producing 103,764 graduates at its 110th graduation ceremony. Thereafter, 106,186 and 108,084 students completed the course in 2022 and 2023, respectively, achieving the unprecedented record of enrolling more than 100,000 students for two consecutive years.  Shincheonji Church of Jesus' overseas missionary work, which has experienced explosive growth both domestically and internationally, dates back to 1993. After that, the first Shincheonji seminar was held abroad in 2012.  Even in the COVID-19 pandemic situation in 2021, when the borders of every country were blocked, an online seminar of the word was held, which resulted in other denominations to learn the Word. MOU were signed with 443 churches in Korea and 9,462 churches in 77 countries abroad. 1,382 churches in 38 overseas countries changed their signs to Shincheonji Church of Jesus, Temple of the Tabernacle of Testimony after the word seminar.  Last February, a religious leader seminar program was launched in Korea, with 10 religious' leaders from around the world as well as Korea. As it received a huge response from around 80 religious' leaders, Shincheonji Church of Jesus has continued to make efforts to put into practice not only the words of Jesus, but also Jesus' teachings of peace.  Shincheonji Church of Jesus registered its trademark and business emblem as recorded in the Book of Revelation with the Korea Intellectual Property Office in 1998, and the trademark and business emblem of Zion Christian Mission Center were registered with the Korea Intellectual Property Office in 2000.  Related Link: http://scjus.org 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509441/international-church-celebrates-40-years-of-faith-and-global-outreach) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 