# Valencia Is The Place It All Starts

SANTA CLARITA VALLEY, CA, March 21, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Not long ago, FivePoint inspired a team of community planners who wanted many advantages for residents, today, tomorrow and into the future. They also sought sustainable concepts for the land and built elements.   They imagined a community inspired by the beauty of big nature, with space for everyone. They envisioned all sorts of pleasing choices—with homes, surroundings and residents uniting to create a unique and compelling neighborhood culture.   Where The Heart Is—Today, these wishes and hopes have bloomed into the unique reality of promises kept, and today, some 1,100 households call Valencia home. With new home choices in 10 design collections (and more are coming!), interconnected green spaces, trails and pathways, and leisure amenities, visitors find much to explore, often checking things out online at www.valencia.com and then coming to visit in person.   The Porch Is Where To Start—The Porch Community Information Center is the ideal place to start your explorations. Just head for the gleaming Airstream at Magic Mountain Parkway and Navigation Avenue. Here, the surroundings are relaxed—and so are the people you meet. Starting March 21, the Porch welcomes you Thursday through Sunday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.  These knowledgeable reps are well informed—and they are good listeners. As they help you craft your tour, they help you make your best picks from abundant choices, and pinpoint great leisure spots from on-site amenities and nearby attractions. And perhaps best of all, they respect your time frame!  Inspiring Spaces—The panoramic hillside site features vista views, and thoughtful site planning weaves open spaces and diverse amenities to create a delightful indoor/outdoor fabric for everyday living. Within this distinctive backdrop, residents find much to enjoy without a long drive. And that helps people take time, to slow down, walk or ride their bikes to parks and find a culture of connection with their friends, families and neighbors.   "When we toured new homes, we saw people out and about with their kids and dogs," said Kristen, who bought here with her husband Spencer. "That's a happy sign for our son, our dog and any future children we add to the family."  Enticing lifestyle pleasures include award-winning Confluence Park, which combines outdoor expanses, a pool complex and easy connectivity to many other community points. Be sure to see Adventure Playground, tailored for kids and parents to enjoy. Seating niches are here, and trails for pedestrians, trikes, bikes and four-legged pals.   Well-ranked schools add further to the value equation of life at Valencia. The William S. Hart District serves junior high and high school students, while elementary school children will be part of the Newhall School District or the Saugus School District.   Inclusive Choices—Visitor and buyer reports show that Valencia appeals to widely varied ages and households. Young singles and couples without children shop here, and so do young and maturing families, active empty nesters and multi-generational households.   Most buyers plan to live in their new home full-time, and most are seeking a home for themselves. Others are helping their adult children achieve first-time ownership. Some are helping their parents find a fresh, easy-care home, or seeking the right design for a multi-generation household.   The Homes Themselves—Today, 10 collections feature new homes priced from the mid $400,000's to the mid $1 millions. All are designed to optimize view opportunities, privacy and indoor/outdoor livability. The collections provide varied styles and home sizes, with single- and multi-level layouts to consider, in detached and attached formats.   Inviting social spaces, sleek, high-function kitchens, luxurious owners' retreats and versatile flex spaces are among design highlights. Patios, decks and courtyards further enhance outdoor living, entertaining and leisure times.  Builders include KB Home, Lennar, Richmond American, Toll Brothers and Tri Pointe Homes, all working with notable residential architects.   Sustainability, A Key Priority—Valencia builders support FivePoint's abiding commitment to sustainable development, with energy efficiency incorporated throughout each design collection. Among per plan features are low-E windows, upgraded insulation, rooftop solar and tankless water heaters with closed loop systems. Some homes provide flow meters at main water lines, and solar data that can help owners monitor water usage and energy production.   Neighborhood and community planning further supports the regard for sustainable development, by optimizing open space and protecting trees and natural vegetation. Reduced use of motor vehicles is integral to the planning here, with core amenities within easy walking distance of most homes. Seating niches, smaller parks and bike trails invite residents to enjoy their community without driving.   Connectivity—when traveling for work or pleasure, convenience counts, and it's right here. Situated in the heart of Los Angeles County's Santa Clarita Valley, Valencia is close to retail, dining and leisure choices. Adjacency to I-5 puts area job centers within easy reach, as well as Cal Arts, College of the Canyons and Henry Mayo Hospital. Connectivity also includes nearby access to Metrolink, freeways and airports.  "We wanted a lot, not just for today, but for many years to come," said Nithin and Sneha. "So many things were priority for us—affordability with high value, excellent school districts, neighborhood stability and security, pleasing climate, outdoor activities, reasonable commutes to our jobs in LA—this was our short list!"  Take an online tour at www.valencia.com, and connect at Facebook.com/ValenciaCalifornia. Then plan your personal tour by heading to The Porch Community Information Center. As of March 21, The Porch is open Thursday through Sunday, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. The address is 27426 Navigation Avenue, Valencia 91381, Telephone 661-203-3919.   And online or by phone, check with Valencia builders for the latest on their new homes. For Lennar, call 888-216-2494 or visit www.lennar.com. For KB Home, call 888-524-6637 or visit www.kbhome.com. For Richmond American Homes, call 909-345-1143 or visit www.richmondamerican.com. For TriPointe Homes, call 949-339-3596 or email a New Home Specialist at OC-LA@TriPointeHomes.com. For Toll Brothers, visit www.tollbrothers.com or call 844-700-8655.   FivePoint is a California company that designs and develops mixed-use planned communities in the state's most dynamic coastal markets. FivePoint is noted for integrating residential, commercial, retail, schools and entertainment and recreational elements, including civic areas for parks and open space. www.fivepoint.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509444/valencia-is-the-place-it-all-starts)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1bk0pnf/fivepoint_creates_unique_and_sustainable/