# Atlanta Golf & Social Opening New Location at Lee + White

ATLANTA, GA, July 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Atlanta Golf & Social will bring its experiential sports venue to Lee + White, the adaptive reuse development in Atlanta's West End. Combining indoor golf simulators and lessons in a casual sports bar environment, Atlanta Golf & Social will occupy one of the last remaining spaces in the Lee + White food hall, leasing 3,767 square feet fronting the Atlanta Westside BeltLine.   The new location at Lee + White is Atlanta Golf & Social's second, joining the first location in downtown Chamblee. Atlanta Golf & Social is targeting a December 2024 opening at Lee + White.  President Leo Wiener and Senior Vice President Kelly Wilson of Ackerman Retail, a division of Ackerman & Co., completed the lease with Atlanta Golf & Social on behalf of owners Ackerman & Co. and MDH Partners.   "Lee + White's mixed-use development is a gathering place for the West End community, and that makes it a great fit for us. We're excited to continue building that community through the game of golf – giving visitors to Lee + White an opportunity to improve their golf game, or simply relax and have some fun while enjoying an afternoon or evening at Lee + White. Our brand and experience is the perfect complement to all of the incredible restaurants, breweries, and retailers that already call Lee + White home," said Jeremy Williams, co-owner of Atlanta Golf & Social.   Added Ackerman Retail's Kelly Wilson, "Adding this experiential sports concept is a big win for Lee + White and the West End. This will be a unique offering at our food hall for visitors and the surrounding community, complementing the wide variety of food hall eateries and our recently opened central bar."  One space of 3,990 square feet remains available in the food hall. The lineup includes 16 eateries along with the Strangers in Paradise central bar, offering a mix of local and regional concepts. Eateries include Cielito Lindo, Costa Coffee, Crème de la Crepe, Dough Boy Pizza, GoodAzz Burgers, Gekko Hibachi & Sushi, gusto!, Honeysuckle Gelato, One Korean Bistro, The Original Hot Dog Factory, Pastaholics, Sakura Sake Bar & Bottles, Sweet Red Peach, Vietvana, West Side Deli and World Chicken.  A growing business hub in the West End in addition to an entertainment destination, Lee + White recently completed a lease expansion with JTEC Energy Inc., adding 9,800 square feet to the renewable energy company's headquarters and lab production space in Building 1050, bringing the company's total square footage to 28,575 square feet.  About Atlanta Golf & Social Atlanta Golf & Social brings a new and innovative golf experience to neighborhoods across the greater Atlanta area. Atlanta residents and co-founders Greg Hall and Jeremy Williams launched the brand's first location in downtown Chamblee in April of 2023 and are now entering their next phase of growth by expanding to additional neighborhoods in and around Atlanta.   At the core of Atlanta Golf & Social is a high-quality golf experience that uses Trackman, the premier simulator technology on the market today and the same tech trusted by PGA and LPGA players around the world. Around that technology, Hall and Williams have designed a club for the needs of today's golfer: convenience, quality, and value. Atlanta Golf & Social is focused on building neighborhood-focused locations that are convenient to Atlanta's thriving urban communities. Each location features craft cocktails, elevated food options, and purposefully designed bar and lounge spaces.  The result is a modern golf club, and a concept that is unique in the rapidly growing indoor golf landscape. By day, Atlanta Golf & Social is a quiet space for golfers to escape for a lesson or practice session. And by night, it is a gathering spot and premier entertainment option for groups and parties.   A true blend of golf and social.   About Lee + White Reimagining the West End's former "Warehouse Row," the 442,562-square-foot Lee + White is Atlanta's next trendsetting adaptive reuse project. Already a go-to destination for foodies and beer lovers, Lee + White's next phase of development is bringing creative offices, a food hall, retail, and expanded BeltLine access. This transformation continues in a spirit that recognizes the West End's rich history. The growing tenant roster at Lee + White includes ASW Exchange, Best End Brewing, Boxcar, Carbice, Cultured South, Doux South Pickles, Honeysuckle Gelato (production), Hop City, JTEC Energy Inc., Monday Night Garage, The Overlook Boulder + Fitness, Plywood People, Westside Dental and Wild Heaven Beer.  The roster at the Lee + White food hall, now open seven days a week, showcases a mix of local favorites and regional and national concepts. Eateries include Cielito Lindo, Costa Coffee, Crème de la Crepe, Dough Boy Pizza, GoodAzz Burgers, gusto!, Gekko Hibachi & Sushi, Honeysuckle Gelato, One Korean BIstro, The Original Hot Dog Factory, Pastaholics, Sakura Sake Bar & Bottles, Sweet Red Peach, Vietvana. West Side Deli and World Chicken. For more information, visit www.leeandwhiteatl.com   About MDH Partners MDH Partners is an Atlanta-based real estate investment company managing its discretionary funds targeting industrial real estate across the United States on behalf of its institutional investors. Founded in 2005 as the successor to a fifty-year-old local real estate development company, MDH Partners has led and/or participated in over $6 billion (90 million square feet) of acquisitions, developments, and asset management as an advisor and investor. For more information, visit www.mdhpartners.com.  About Ackerman & Co. Headquartered in Atlanta, Ackerman & Co. is a privately held, full-service commercial real estate firm focused on providing quality investment, brokerage, management and development services in the Southeast. The company, founded in 1967, retains an expert team of 100 real estate professionals. To date, Ackerman & Co. has developed and acquired 44 million square feet of office, medical, industrial, retail and mixed-use space, has 4 million square feet under management, and maintains an investment portfolio valued at $1 billion. For more information, visit www.ackermanco.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512833/atlanta-golf-social-opening-new-location-at-lee-white) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 