# Bankruptcy Attorney With Years Of Legal Experience

ARCHDALE, NC, July 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The experienced legal team at Tennant & Jarvis, P.C. is dedicated to providing high-quality legal services. Based in Archdale, NC, the law firm offers help with bankruptcy, estate planning, and estate administration.  Navigating bankruptcy can be daunting. However, Tennant & Jarvis, P.C. offers assistance with personal bankruptcy, including Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy. They can also help with estate planning to ensure your wishes are honored and your estate is handled properly after your death.  "Whether you are facing a bankruptcy issue, need assistance with estate planning, or need assistance in the administration of an estate, Tennant & Jarvis, P.C. is committed to providing quality and trusting legal services. As a member of the North Carolina State Bar Association and United States Federal Court, our attorney and staff provides the highest standard of legal services in Archdale. Our legal team is committed to providing client-tailored legal advice and personalized attention to help you achieve the most positive outcome possible. With a focus on professionalism and personalized attention, we strive to make your legal experience as straightforward and stress-free as possible. Whatever your requirements, from bankruptcy law to estate planning and estate administration, we work closely with our clients to effectively represent their interests and individual needs. Our team has been helping clients in the North Carolina Triad area, including Guilford, Forsyth, Randolph, Davidson, and Montgomery counties for many years," said the spokesperson for Tennant & Jarvis, P.C.  Peter "Pete" Jarvis was an associate attorney for the firm of Tennant Law Offices. During his time with Tennant Law Offices, Pete worked to expand the firm's general practice, as well as represented individuals in their bankruptcy filings. He learned a practical understanding of managing a bankruptcy law practice under the tutelage of James "Jim" Tennant, a bankruptcy practitioner for more than 40 years. In 2015, Pete took over the firm of Tennant Law Offices and renamed it Tennant & Jarvis, P.C., where he has practiced since.  Pete Jarvis received his bachelor's Degree in Economics and Political Science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He earned his Juris Doctor degree, cum laude, from Elon University's School of Law in Greensboro, where he was the Business Editor of the Elon Law Review.  Tennant & Jarvis, P.C. is located at 10706 N. Main Street, Archdale, NC 27263. You can contact them via phone at 336-431-9155 to schedule a free consultation. Online inquiries can be submitted by completing a brief form on their website. Visit their website for additional information regarding their services. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512803/bankruptcy-attorney-with-years-of-legal-experience)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ebonmt/tennant_jarvis_pc_providing_quality_legal/