# Get a Free Monthly Custom Video with "DoorBell" Video Chat Contact-Call Center CrossTalk Ultra Platform

BOULDER, CO, July 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Get a Free Monthly Custom Video with "DoorBell" Video Chat Contact-Call Center CrossTalk Ultra Platform DoorBell is an easy-fast "tap to video talk" for 1:1 comms with no login, password or download required.  Visitors can also text chat during the video call and is integrated with a 24.7 chatbot for offline comms.  DoorBell is also integrated with a text chatbot for omni-channel communications.  Customers receive one or more custom produced video(s) monthly and promoted in the Largest Linkedin Group for MSP/MSSPs with more than 21.2K members.  DM or email cross@gocross.com to get started or visit https://socialstreamingtv.com/platform/  Background - 5 Key Concepts in Customer Engagement via SocialStreamingTV.com  In decades of experience in call-contact center guidance.  Customers simply want little-emotion with high value.  This means they want to be treated with kindness and respect.  That is, respect-provided if surveyed or kindness-received for customer support.  Each is easy to say yet very hard to do.   Here are 5 key points.  1 - Start with the customer. What are you going to do with them, for them, from them or engage with them.  If you don't know why they are there, figure out why. Know their pain and gain points and synthesize into a script.   2 - Script building - not a process but a means of interaction. Pretend you are a movie director and write a dialog.  Then share your dialog with those who love you and those who don't.  Then re-write the script and then rehearse it, as movie directors do that too.  Then test with different audiences as words whether text, voice,  and now with video via CrossTalk Ultra "DoorBell" Video Chat. DoorBell is an easy-fast "tap to talk" with no login, password or download required. Visitors can also text chat during the video call. DoorBell Video is also integrated with a text chatbot for omni-channel communications. Test customer scripts with different audiences by culture, demographic, income and other factors.  3 - Produce your script and test on a small audience.  Like the movies test in different cities and audiences to get reactions by a larger group.  Try with agents or chatbot at low usage times at night or weekends to get real feedback.   4 - Analyze but not get paralyzed by the results.  Don't get stuck, realize you can change nearly anytime but get going now.   5 - Use and evolve.  What you will realize is audiences change and you need to as well.  Don't, one more time, don't over analyze.  Patience is a virtue and keep adjusting what you hope it can be.  Getting stuck in metrics just brings a "mess of conflicting data."  There will be some who are "stuck in the mud" wanting more data.  At the same time, you can win with personalized "live" video chat. In the case of "live" agents, don't survey them, rather talk "with" them, ask them, be real with them.   Explore this and more at SocialStreamingTV.com  https://socialstreamingtv.com/  ABOUT:  SocialStreamingTV.com https://socialstreamingtv.com/ provides custom branded (on your own domain name) global multi-channel video streaming, live news feed, virtual event(s), webinars, customer relationship management (CRM), advanced calendar system with Acticons-action icons, corporate university learning management system (LMS), trouble ticketing help desk system, channel partner market (PRM) place system, TECHtionary content media management library to produce multi-channel business "Netflix style" live and ondemand content for virtual meetings-webinars, virtual events, sermons, sales leads groups, learning, training, educational, virtual recruiting platform, corporate university, webinars, masterclass, news channels and social media platform.  #video #chatbot #videostreaming 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512816/get-a-free-monthly-custom-video-with-doorbell-video-chat-contact-call-center-crosstalk-ultra-platform) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 