# SeniorMatch: Senior People Over 55 Prefer Dating Someone 60 Minutes Away

LOS ANGELES, CA, July 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- As a premier dating app for senior singles over 50, SeniorMatch is trusted by about 2 million elderly people. Recently, SeniorMatch surveyed about 387 users who are aged over 55. It delves into the dating trends and relationship demands of middle-aged and elderly group.  It showed that 65% of users are looking for a serious relationship, not hookup. They prefer to clearly stating their dating purpose and desired relationship types in their profile. They will consider dates only if a potential match can bring something into their life that is better than the peace, solitude and safety they enjoy now.  43% of women over 55 say they will not communicate off-app until after meeting in person. 57% of women will try to meet in person within 5-10 days of beginning communication, such as having a launch or a cup of coffee. Most older women are paid members and are more likely to chat with men who are also paid members on SeniorMatch. As for male users, they prefer to purchase the membership to send messages when they have a liked profile online.   53% of users prefer intimate relationships at a distance. They consider it a romantic experience to travel to another place for about 60 minutes one way to meet someone they like.   "I will date someone I actually like who lives 50 minutes away. For those of us who live in small towns and rural areas, 50-minutes one-way is not too far to find love. We can see each other every Friday-Sunday afternoon. It is a good balance of time and space." Said Kim, a male user at SeniorMatch, "If our relationship is stable and we are both sure we want to start a new family, then I would be willing to move to her rural".  About SeniorMatch  SeniorMatch.com is the trusted dating platform for mature senior singles, dedicated to helping individuals over 50 find meaningful connections. With a focus on safety, authenticity, and user experience, SeniorMatch.com offers a unique and supportive environment for mature dating.   For more information, please visit www.seniormatch.com. Now, the app is available on Apple Store and Google Store. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512807/seniormatch-senior-people-over-55-prefer-dating-someone-60-minutes-away) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 