# The Citizens Commission on Human Rights is Hosting an Event in Honor of Purple Heart Day

CLEARWATER, FL, July 25, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Florida chapter of the Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR), an award-winning nonprofit that works to protect mental health human rights, is hosting an event commemorating Purple Heart Day on Saturday, August 3rd at the historic Fort Harrison in downtown Clearwater. The reception for the complimentary event starts at 5pm and the banquet starts at 5:30pm. Those interested in attending may click here to register.  This special event is being held to honor members of the U.S. military and veterans in observance of Purple Heart Day to recognize those who have been awarded the Purple Heart Medal for their service. Families of Purple Heart recipients are welcome to attend as well.   George Washington originally established the 1782 Badge of Military Merit, which had the design motif of a purple heart, and was eventually succeeded by today's Purple Heart Medal. First given in 1932, a Purple Heart is awarded to U.S. military personnel wounded or killed in action, and is the oldest military award still presented to U.S. service personnel.   The August 3rd event and banquet includes a formal presentation by the MacDill Air Force Color Guard. This dramatic and skilled example of close-order presentation drilling never fails to impress those fortunate enough to experience it.  During the event, there will be several speakers who hope to raise awareness on the tragic subject of military suicides as well as provide hope that there are solutions and support networks available.  In July 2021, the international headquarters of CCHR filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the Veterans Health Administration requesting their expenditures on and number of veterans prescribed mind-altering drugs.  The VHA's response on September 8 revealed that between 2015 and 2019, the administration spent $2,414,495,320 on psychotropic drugs, with 4.2 million vets taking these in 2019.  Of the 4.2 million former service members prescribed psychiatric drugs, 1.75 million (41%) of them were prescribed antidepressants, which is typical treatment for PTSD, as well as depression.  "We are doing a great disservice to veterans when drugs and electroshock are the recommended treatments," states Diane Stein, President of the Florida chapter of CCHR. "Treatment-resistant depression is a term invented to mislead consumers into thinking the problem is theirs and not the failure of treatments given them. The wrong solution is to approve and enforce more damaging treatments at the expense of veterans' lives." To learn more or to reserve a seat for the upcoming event, please call 727-442-8820.  About CCHR: Initially established by the Church of Scientology and renowned psychiatrist Dr. Thomas Szasz in 1969, CCHR's mission is to eradicate abuses committed under the guise of mental health and enact patient and consumer protections. L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology, first brought psychiatric imprisonment to wide public notice: "Thousands and thousands are seized without process of law, every week, over the 'free world' tortured, castrated, killed. All in the name of 'mental health,'" he wrote in March 1969. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512804/the-citizens-commission-on-human-rights-is-hosting-an-event-in-honor-of-purple-heart-day)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1ebop89/cchr_hosts_purple_heart_day_event_honoring_us/