# No Charge Download Of Thriller Fiction Novella, Gun Games By Bestselling Authors J Bartell And Ginger Marin Of Bijou Entertainment, Will Be Available October 16 Through October 18, 2024

WILMINGTON, NC, October 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bijou Entertainment has announced that their latest thriller novella, 'Gun Games,' will be available in ebook form at no charge from October 16 through October 18, 2024 at Amazon.  'Gun Games' is a riveting and thought-provoking thriller that takes readers on a rollercoaster ride through the streets of Los Angeles. In the shadow of personal tragedy and a city on the brink of anarchy, a pacifist Los Angeles City Councilman breaks his own code, rallying a covert team of military friends to wage a secret war against the relentless gangs terrorizing the streets.  Readers are plunged into the gritty underbelly of Los Angeles through the eyes of Javier Rico, a dedicated city councilman and former Marine whose world is shattered when his daughter falls victim to a fatal gang drive-by. Rico, once a staunch paciﬁst advocating for social programs to curb violence, ﬁnds his beliefs systemically dismantled. Fueled by heartbreak and a thirst for justice, he unites with Mair Carling, a ﬁery former Marine, now stuntwoman and ﬁlm studio weapons expert, and a handpicked team of loyal, skilled companions. They forge an audacious plan to dismantle the city's corrosive gang networks from the inside.  As Rico's covert war intensiﬁes, he faces violent turf wars, climaxing in a perilous face-off at the gang stronghold, the 'Alamo'. The stakes escalate when Rico confronts personal demons and explosive truths, navigating a maze of betrayal, vengeance, and redemption. Amidst a spectacular showdown that razes the gang's fortress to the ground, Rico emerges battle-scarred but resolute, his journey culminating in a poignant homage to his lost daughter and a renewed vision for his city's future. 'Gun Games' weaves a visceral tapestry of action, moral dilemmas, and a city's desperate cry for healing, promising to grip viewers until its electrifying end.  The ebook version of 'Gun Games' will be available at no charge October 16 through October 18, 2024, at https://www.amazon.com/Gun-Games-J-Bartell-ebook/dp/B0D4BHYSBM/ref=monarch_sidesheet_image.  Bijou Entertainment specializes in "Stories That Create Movies In Your Mind." Their stories captivate both readers and movie lovers, as authors J Bartell and Ginger Marin, are also screenplay artists who also shine as actors and directors. They offer an enthralling selection of drama, espionage, action/thriller, dark comedy, and family-friendly books for kids, immersing readers in cinematic worlds with every flip of the page.  Both Bartell and Marin are available for media interviews and can be reached by email at contact@bijouentertainment.com. All of their books are available at Amazon and other book retailers. More information is available at the Bijou Entertainment website at https://bijouentertainment.com/.  About Bijou Entertainment:  J Bartell did black ops assignments as a subcontractor for the CIA during a ten-year period. In addition to his work with the CIA, J Bartell is a behavior specialist and former California licensed Marriage, Family and Child Counselor.  Ginger Marin is an actor, author, environmentalist, and animal rights advocate who previously served as producer and writer for NBC News' top new shows and various special reports. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515228/no-charge-download-of-thriller-fiction-novella-gun-games-by-bestselling-authors-j-bartell-and-ginger-marin-of-bijou-entertainment-will-be-available-october-16-through-october-18-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 