# End-to-End 8K and 4K Gear Create Harmonious Open Ecosystems Ahead of InfoComm 2024

SACRAMENTO, CA, June 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BZBGEAR®, a global leader in pro AV and broadcasting solutions, is proud to be exhibiting at InfoComm 2024—the largest professional audiovisual trade show in North America. InfoComm will be held at the Las Vegas Convention Center in Las Vegas, NV, from June 8–14, with the exhibit floor open from June 12–14. Catch BZBGEAR at Central Hall - booth C5643. Register with code BZB771 for free entry.  Last year, BZBGEAR made waves by unveiling its innovative 8K product line for video distribution and active cables. Hitting the ground running, their BG-8K-88MA HDMI 2.1 matrix switcher won the TNT Awards at ISE 2023, and the BG-AVTPG-MINI-G2 HDMI 2.1 test generator received recognition as the Best of CIX 2023.  BZBGEAR has also aligned themselves with the 8K Association to show their commitment to the 8K movement. "We are proud to officially be 8KA members," says Eugene Bocharov, CEO and president, BZBGEAR. "The goal with our 8K solutions is to provide you the highest quality standards and to future proof your projects and systems."  Their 8K lineup includes HDMI 2.1 matrix switchers, signal splitters, amplifiers, testers, and specialty cables, all supporting resolutions up to 8K@60Hz and 4K@120Hz—ensuring unparalleled detail and fluidity for users and gamers.  This year, BZBGEAR has been taking even larger steps—producing a new 8K tester along with a more robust 8K 12x12 matrix switcher that will be a first in the market. But the biggest news is their mission to design an 8K PTZ camera!  BZBGEAR also announces they now have a complete end-to-end 8K and 4K line of pro AV - broadcasting solutions catering to any-size project. From PTZ cameras to production switchers. Matrix switchers to video walls. NDI and Dante AV-H to HDBaseT. Your entire setup can now be accomplished through one award-winning brand. Not to mention all your tech support is now made simple via a single contact. Already have equipment from other brands? No problem! BZBGEAR plays nice with others and can be incorporated all together in a harmonious open ecosystem.  At InfoComm 2024, you'll be able to experience this all! BZBGEAR is showcasing their extensive award-winning line of 8K and 4K Ultra HD gear. This includes fan favorite AI auto-tracking PTZ cameras—the Adamo 4K and Adamo Jr, as well as recently awarded medical-grade Nutrix. The Swiss Army Knife of AV Distribution, BG-4K-VP and BG-4K-VPPRO, will be there highlighting new 16x16 models. These are all-in-one matrix switchers that also support video walls, multiviewing, and HDMI extension. They're bringing the QuadFusion series, their latest FHD/UHD 4-channel video production switchers that are uber versatile and mobile. And can't forget their Commander series of serial/IP PTZ camera joystick controllers and Air4Kast 4K@60Hz HDMI 2.0 Wireless Extender.  And this just the tip of the iceberg! Be sure to catch the team and their award-winning pro AV and broadcasting solutions at InfoComm 2024 from June 12–14 at the Las Vegas Convention Center in Las Vegas, NV.  BZBGEAR will be in Central Hall, booth C5643. Register with guest passcode BZB771 for free entry.  About BZBGEAR  Established in 2019 and headquartered in Sacramento, California, BZBGEAR is a global manufacturer of professional AV and broadcasting products. Their mission is to provide top-grade AV and broadcasting solutions focusing on design, user experience, and lifetime product support. Every solution is carefully designed by BZBGEAR hardware and software engineers to ensure unmatched quality and features. With award-winning products and industry-leading support, BZBGEAR is the number one choice for any AV and broadcast application. Learn more at bzbgear.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511451/end-to-end-8k-and-4k-gear-create-harmonious-open-ecosystems-ahead-of-infocomm-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1d8k19k/bzbgear_to_showcase_innovative_8k_solutions_at/