# O'Vive Café Makes Official Grand Opening Debut Saturday June 8th

PORTLAND, OR, June 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- O'Vive Café makes its official debut with their Grand Opening event on Saturday, June 8th. Sisters and co-owners of the adjacent yoga studio, Modo Yoga Portland felt strongly in continuing their work to revitalize the Central Eastside neighborhood.  "It's no surprise that the past few years have had a toll on the vitality of our city and personal health and we are excited to use food as medicine to heal our community from the inside out," said café Co-Owner, Amber Reed.   Even the name, "O'Vive, plays homage to this notion of balance and self-care, which is a loose play on "Vivre" or "to live," in French (Jen & Amber's heritage). The O'Vive Café menu is vegetarian and offers guests a variety of fresh juices and smoothies to choose from while also boasting several hearty fare menu items including a coconut BLT Wrap, avocado toast, super food lattes and a variety of medicinal teas. O'Vive Café supports the local economy and sustainable practices by utilizing local vendors and purveyors, buying organic produce whenever possible and providing nutrient-dense food options to our fit our customers vegan and vegetarian dietary preferences.   The small and intimate space is a mix of contemporary-chic with lots of natural light, lush plants, wood accents and pops of unique artistic elements that encourage guests to stay and linger.   "One of the fundamental goals in our adjacent businesses is creating a positive community vibe," noted Jen Reed; O'Vive & Modo Yoga Portland Co-Owner.   That could be facilitated by two strangers connecting before or after class in our lobby or café, to the myriad of partnerships we have with businesses in our neighborhood. These connections have created a strong web of support in hard times and have strengthened our neighborhood in the nearly decade that we have been here.   Not only can patrons enjoy 25% off the entire menu for the duration of the Grand Opening Day event (Saturday, June 8th from 9 AM – 7 PM), 414 SE Grand Ave, Portland, OR, United States, Oregonbut there will also be a live DJ, face and henna painting, chair massages by licensed massage therapists and free yoga! 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511447/ovive-caf%C3%A9-makes-official-grand-opening-debut-saturday-june-8th) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 