# Abacus Semiconductor Announces Addition of Dr. Kevin Camera to its Executive Management Team

SAN JOSE, CA, August 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dr. Camera is a technical executive and veteran leader with two decades of experience in hardware/software engineering and product development at the forefront of multiple disruptive technologies. He started his career as Co-Founder and Senior Vice President of Engineering at BEEcube, a startup that specialized in advanced real-time reconfigurable computing which delivered some of the world's first ever field demonstrations of 5G wireless telecommunications. After a successful acquisition of that company by National Instruments, he moved on to lead both firmware and software engineering at Velodyne Lidar, where his exceptional understanding of both their pioneering 3D sensing products and their AI-enabling end applications saw him promoted to Vice President of Product, overseeing multiple product lines which were global volume leaders at the time. Most recently at Lumotive, he followed a similar path by running software engineering and serving as Vice President of Product with executive ownership of product definition, market strategy, and positioning for their revolutionary software-definable semiconductor metamaterial technology. He holds B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.  Dr. Camera brings up an important issue that "customers do not look for only a processor or an accelerator or a memory, even if performance and scale-out are an upgrade over existing technologies. Customers demand a complete and scalable solution to their computational challenges, and as such we have to deliver systems that integrate not only our hardware, but all the firmware, software and APIs necessary for customer to deploy both their existing and future applications."  Dr. Axel Kloth, Founder and CEO of Abacus Semiconductor, adds "I am proud to have Kevin join the leadership team here at Abacus Semiconductor. His pedigree of shipping many disruptive semiconductor, hardware, and software products in volume will be a great asset as we disrupt the hyperscale AI infrastructure market."  About Abacus Semiconductor Corporation Abacus Semiconductor is a fabless semiconductor company and a leading developer of RISC-V based processors, accelerators and smart multi-homed memories for the computational backbone for Artificial Intelligence (AI). This revolutionary beyond-Harvard computing architecture is patent-pending and poised to solve the scalability challenges facing the skyrocketing AI infrastructure market. For more information about how Abacus Semiconductor Corporation is re-imagining very large-scale compute and Artificial Intelligence, visit the Abacus Semi website, blog, and LinkedIn pages.  Abacus Semiconductor and the Abacus Semiconductor logo are trademarks of Abacus Semiconductor Corporation.  MEDIA CONTACT:  Bryce Egan, Senior Director of Marketing and Sales Abacus Semiconductor Corporation public-relations@abacus-semi.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513507/abacus-semiconductor-announces-addition-of-dr-kevin-camera-to-its-executive-management-team) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 