# Goldstein and Bashner Sponsors 2024 Last Bash at the Beach 5K and 10K

ROCKAWAY, NY, September 07, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Goldstein and Bashner is proud to sponsor the 2024 Last Bash at the Beach 5K and 10K, scheduled for September 7th. The race will take place along the scenic Rockaway Beach boardwalk, starting at 9 AM, rain or shine.  Participants can choose between running in-person or virtually. The in-person event will be held at 7215 Beach Front Rd, Far Rockaway, NY, offering a beautiful oceanfront course. Those opting for the virtual race can run their chosen route anytime between September 7th and 15th, tracking their performance with a GPS or timer app.  All race proceeds will benefit the Never Stop Running Foundation, a non-profit organization that supports youth and special needs sports programs through athletic and charitable events. Never Stop Running Foundation supports and develops elite athletes at the local, national and international level.   "We wanted to support this event for the great cause and the importance to our local community," said Neal A. Goldstein, founder partner Goldstein and Bashner. "Good luck to all of the runners!"  For more information and to register, visit the official 2024 Last Bash at the Beach page here.  About Goldstein and Bashner  Goldstein and Bashner is a law firm based in New York, dedicated to representing victims of personal injury. Focused on justice and advocating for claimants' rights, the firm handles cases involving car accidents, slip and fall incidents, assaults, bullying, and more. Goldstein and Bashner are committed to providing personalized service and fighting for the compensation their claimants deserve. For more information, visit www.eglaw.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514117/goldstein-and-bashner-sponsors-2024-last-bash-at-the-beach-5k-and-10k) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 