# Bestselling Author Dr Barbara Becker Holstein Announces New Interview With Award Winning Children's Book Author Julia Cook On Resilience And Self Esteem

WILMINGTON, NC, June 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- All of us would agree that growing up has always posed significant challenges, but the modern day environment, particularly for girls grappling with body image, psychological stress, school shootings, lockdowns, anxiety, climate change and cyberbullying is beyond most kids' ability to cope. The traditional roles of parents, grandparents, and educators have been diminished, as many older adults struggle to even begin to comprehend these new realities. This disconnect underscores the need for innovative approaches to support the mental health and resilience of today's youth, ensuring they receive guidance that is both relevant and effective. How can we reach them? And, assuming we can reach them, what should we offer them?  We can't change the world. But we can teach young people coping skills that will serve them.  Resilience, which could be described as the ability to recover from setbacks, adapt well to change, and keep going in the face of adversity, is a cornerstone of mental well-being.  Self-esteem on the other hand is the internal perception of one's worth and abilities. It is the core of a young person's emotional health. High self-esteem enables children to approach tasks with confidence, take risks in learning, and engage socially without undue fear of judgment.  Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein recently interviewed award-winning author Julia Cook on her Resilence and Self Esteem Podcast. Their conversation was lively, serious and enlightening. Julia is nationally recognized as an award-winning children's book author and parenting expert. Her books have been referenced in such publications as Parent's Magazine, The New Yorker, Green Child Magazine, The Huffington Post, The Chicago Tribune, Yahoo.com, DrLaura.com and BabyZone.com. She has also been featured on CNN's HLN News and local news shows in many major metropolitan areas.  Born and raised in Salt Lake City, Julia became actively involved in teaching children how to ski, an experience that led to a love of teaching in general. Her Master's degree is in Elementary School Counseling. While serving as a professional school counselor, Julia often used children's books to enhance her classroom lessons.  "The truth is there are tons of children's books written," Dr. Holstein stated. "Why was I so excited to have Julia Cook on my new podcast show: Resilience and Self Esteem? Because Julia as a writer goes way beyond just stories for kids. She understands the psychological stresses that kids are under and weaves those stresses into her books in ways that help the children find the courage to go beyond their own moods and disappointments as they read the books. She teaches them to emotionally fly without needing the sky.  "Likewise there are many other devoted authors who have taught kids to fly as they read one of their books. Judy Blume instantly comes to my mind.In her books she has found ways to engage her girls so they are no longer afraid to face so many of the struggles of coming of age that we all have or will fash.  "I remember my sister saying to me that she couldn't imagine making it to adulthood without Judy Blume. Via Judy's books my sister and millions of other girls got comfortable with their periods, divorce, needing a bra, family life that wasn't perfect and so much more.  "I am so eager to have compassionate authors on my podcast. It is time to share their wisdom again and again. Our girls need our help in so many ways to lessen their stress and improve their mental health. A good book that accepts a girl where she is and helps her move forward is a major source of mental health care. Whether the author studied psychology or not. Just like a delicious meal or a wonderful day out you don't always need credentials. But you do need the right forces to come together.  "Let's make sure we bring the best authors and psychologists and others who have helped kids to the forefront. I can do that via my podcast and others can find their own way of helping our girls.  "I know as a positive psychologist helping a girl can be as simple as getting to know the kids on your block. I remember when I was growing up the lady next door took a pottery class and had made a bunny. She gave it to me out of the blue and I loved that bunny for many years. Being kind and inclusive is easy once you start it. I salute Julia Cook and Judy Blume for their courage to share their writing skills and wisdom with so many children.  The new podcast series is now available at https://www.enchantedself.com.  Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein is a visionary psychologist and filmmaker whose unprecedented selfie films have garnered over 200 placements and awards. Her singular vision is to help girls build resilience, self-esteem, and discover their own talents, abilities, and self-worth. Dr. Holstein has spent decades developing tools and techniques to help girls enhance self esteem and resilience. One of those tools, a workbook for girls titled, 'Looking Good, Feeling Good', achieved bestseller status, an honor that many of her other books have achieved. The ebook hit the top of the Teen and Young Adult Self Esteem eBooks.  In this workbook, Each girl is offered an engaging opportunity to develop her creative talents and potential as she processes and better understands the angst of growing up and how it can be successfully handled. She can bring her own talents to her thoughts and responses to the issues presented which will further take her along a road of enhanced resilience and better self esteem. She can share her creative thoughts and answer questions, and even create poetry, start a play, draw a picture, or she can get out her phone and use it as a diary, or a means of sharing ideas about growing up with a friend, her mom or grandma. Or she can actually make selfie films with her phone which can be a great enhancer for self esteem and sharing one's creative talents.  She has also announced the release of a new selfie film series. The new series includes 7 films:  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 1. The Truth - A Short Film A young girl shares her diary - falling in love, hating her mother, hating her parents fighting, being afraid to grow up, being upset that they may move, loving the locket her aunt gives her and feeling loved in ways by her aunt that her parents can't seem to muster, wishing the boy she is in love with would grow taller, confronting her disappointment that she has no relationship with him, sharing her glee at having a best friend and confiding in each other, coming to terms with growing up, letting go of her first love, getting ready to move and more.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 2. Falling In Love - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film A young teen talks to 'you' via Selfies on her smart phone. In these conversations the girl shares her loneliness moving, losing her best friend, her beginning friendships with new kids, and her realization that she has fallen in love again.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 3. Secrets - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film Based on Secrets, Diary of a Gutsy Tween, this 10 minute film takes the audience on the complicated roller coaster ride of being 13. The 'girl' hates her parents, falls in love, has puberty and body concerns, realizes that secrets matter and finds herself in a miserable accidental situation. But all ends on an upbeat note with the girl realizing she is most in touch with happiness and a sense of joy when she is being true to herself.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 4. Conflict And A Bit Of Magic - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film The 'Girl' is traumatized by being ditched by a boyfriend, a bully, alcohol and kids taking drugs. Who can understand and help her? Maybe her aunt, who she gets to visit. A seance with a Medium in which the 'girl's' great-grandmother comes through gives her the courage she needs to ask her mom questions and in turn to learn some family secrets.  Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 5. The Medium - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film The girl, unhappy, goes to visit a favorite aunt who takes her to see a medium. The girl's great grandmother is channeled in and changes happen for the better. Was this real of a set-up? Does that matter?  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 6. Truth Is Stranger Than Fiction - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film Two traumatic events structure the 'Girl's' high school year: a lockdown and a family secret. She is shocked yet manages to recover and to understand the importance and value of family and the complexity of truth.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 7. Lockdown Three teens find themselves in the girls' bathroom during a lock down in school. Each respond emotionally differently. All are affected.  All the films are available at https://vimeo.com/showcase/10863899, and on the Roku channel, The Enchanted Self Presents.  Dr. Holstein hopes to bring parents, teachers, librarians, grandparents and media together to accomplish one goal: Change in the lives of young people who suffer from anxiety and a growing sense of hopelessness and despair.  Dr. Holstein wraps Positive Psychology concepts in forms of media that young people find engaging, relatable and inspiring. These include:  Five bestselling, award-winning books (perfect for school libraries)  Five self-esteem workbooks for girls 8 and up  Award-winning films and coming of age selfie films  Podcasts  Dedicated websites  Stage plays  A library of articles  Ted-style talks  As a school psychologist and in her private practice, Dr. Holstein has worked with many children and parents, helping them to develop life skills in decision-making, recognition of their own talents, feel more courageous, and helping both kids and parents develop more successful inter-generational skills. Her last book, 'Conflict and a Bit of Magic', helps kids build self-esteem though reading the journal of a girl, identifying with the girl, and understanding they have more courage and resiliency than they thought they had. The book is based on the experiences of the already famous "girl" from 'The Truth, Diary of a Gutsy Tween' and 'Secrets, Diary of a Gutsy Teen', and achieved bestseller status in the multi-generational families category.  Dr. Holstein's workbook for kids, 'Secrets' also achieved bestseller status in the 'Teen & Young Adult Nonfiction on Depression' category.  Dr. Holstein's cutting-edge presentations, most recently based on the Covid-19 pandemic issues, can be found on both YouTube, Vimeo and on the Roku channel and Amazon Fire TV, titled as 'The Enchanted Self Presents'.  Dr. Holstein is available for media interviews and can be reached using the information below or by email at barbara.holstein@gmail.com.More information about the Selfie Showcase is available at http://www.selfiefilmmakers.com. Selfie videos and selfie films can be uploaded at the site. Potential podcast guests can contact Dr. Holstein by email. More information is available at her primary website at http://www.enchantedself.com.  Profile:  Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein, internationally known Positive Psychologist is the creator of The Enchanted Self ®, a positive psychology method for happiness and a pioneer in Selfies as Film. Dr. Holstein's Enchanted Self website was included as one of the best websites in positive psychology. She is in private practice in Long Branch, New Jersey with her husband, Dr. Russell M. Holstein.  Dr. Barbara can be found on the web, interviewed, writing articles and posting video 'TED' style talks on Happiness, Positive Psychology, Relationships and Parenting. Her Roku channel is: The Enchanted Self Presents.  She has been a contributor to Your Tango, Heart and Soul, The Philadelphia Inquirer, Honey Good, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Redbook, Real Simple, Women's World, The Wall Street Journal, Psychcentral.com, Time online, Readers Digest, Parade, the Today Show and Family Circle Magazine. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511660/bestselling-author-dr-barbara-becker-holstein-announces-new-interview-with-award-winning-childrens-book-author-julia-cook-on-resilience-and-self-esteem)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1dfl0ig/dr_barbara_becker_holstein_interviews_julia_cook/