# Esthetician Pooja KC Opens Pooju Beauty At Hill Country Salon Suites In Georgetown Texas

GEORGETOWN, TX, June 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Hill Country Salon Suites announces its newest client, Pooja Beauty, and its owner, Pooja KC. This new business provides services like threading, facials, waxing, and lashes. Business hours are Monday through Saturday, 10:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., and Sunday 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Call 515-357-3446 for more information. Walk-ins and appointments are welcomed.  Pooja brings seven years of experience to this new business venture.  "My professionalism and desire to make every customer happy are the foundations of my business. I want every customer to feel like they are visiting an old friend when they come by my salon, and I want them to leave with a smile on their face."  Regarding the services provided by Pooja Beauty:  Threading involves holding a piece of thread so that it coils around itself, allowing you to either grab hairs one by one or, in some cases, pull out a line of hair.   Waxing: Like other hair removal methods, the goal of waxing is to remove unwanted body hair. This method is considered to be semi-permanent, removing the hair by its root, and it is done by the use of a sticky wax.  Facials: noninvasive skin treatment that includes cleansing, moisturizing, exfoliating, and other elements that are customized to your specific skin type and needs.   Lashes: bringing your eye lashes to life with lash extensions, lash tinting, lash fills, lash lifts and more, customizing each treatment to meet the specific needs of the client.  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six luxury salon suites for rent at their Georgetown location, and it is your one-stop destination for all of your beauty needs, featuring independently-owned hair salons, nail salons, massage therapy suites, microblading salons, and much more. The Hill Country goal is two-fold: to provide one space where all beauty services are available, and to make it possible, through the help of the Hill Country management, for young entrepreneurs to own a business and thrive in a supportive environment.  Salon suite rentals are the future of salon ownership. The concept is an easy one: you take the traditional business model of the traditional hair salon, beauty salon, et al, and you shrink it down to an affordable size, meaning ownership is then affordable for the middle working class rather than just those with a sizeable investment savings account. And, based on the statistics, salon suite rentals are the future of salon ownership across the country.  "Without the Hill Country opportunity," Pooja adds, "I would never have been able to open my business. I would still be working for someone else and not realizing my dreams. Now I am able to help customers in my own salon, and that has made a huge difference for me."  About Pooju Beauty Specializing in facials, waxing, lash extensions and threading. Located in suite 109 inside Hill Country Salon Suites. Call 515-357-3446 or email poojukc@gmail.com to schedule an appointment or for more information about their services.  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals, each one the location for an independently owned beauty and wellness related enterprise. When the dynamic husband-and-wife duo of Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton decided to launch a new business venture, they had one goal in mind: Inspire the next generation of small business owners right here in Central Texas.  With a background in data security, Richard has launched three technology startups in the region during the last 30 years. He's also consulted with dozens of early-stage businesses to help them ground their vision and ultimately, success.  "I love data science," says Richard, "and it was data that motivated us to launch Hill Country Salon Suites in Georgetown. As the fastest growing city in the nation for the second year in the row, there is an increased demand for services, and an abundance of talent waiting to be harnessed."  The couple sees that supply and demand in the form of salon professionals, ranging from hair stylists and barbers to cosmetologists, estheticians, med spaprofessionals, lash and nail technicians, and even tattoo artists.  Call 512-380-2500 for information about salon suite rental availabilities, or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. Ask about current salon suite specials and the long list of amenities included in the rental price. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511716/esthetician-pooja-kc-opens-pooju-beauty-at-hill-country-salon-suites-in-georgetown-texas) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 