# Luminous by Brooke at Heller Jewelers - Celebrating the Full Flower Moon

SAN RAMON, CA, June 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Heller Jewelers unveiled the Luminous Collection by Brooke Shields and Robert Procop in their San Ramon showroom for a one night event. On Thursday, May 23rd, Heller Jewelers proudly hosted an exclusive event to introduce the Luminous Collection, an extraordinary collaboration between Brooke Shields and renowned jeweler Robert Procop. This exquisite collection is inspired by the celestial beauty of the sun, stars, and planets, celebrating the profound connections that bind us all.  Each piece in the Luminous Collection is a testament to exceptional craftsmanship and artistry. Natural sapphire gems are meticulously hand-faceted on a cutting wheel to achieve flawless, brilliant perfection. The stars, crafted with micro-precision lasers, boast impeccably sharp points, while every prong is polished under a microscope to ensure absolute perfection. The combined expertise of these artisans, paired with the visionary designs, has culminated in the creation of this stellar collection known as Luminous.  Heller Jewelers welcomed close friends and esteemed clients to an intimate, private viewing of this one-of-a-kind collection. Guests marveled at the stunning pieces, which embody both elegance and craftsmanship.  In the spirit of the Full Flower Moon, which symbolizes renewal and the blossoming of in spring, the Luminous Collection is dedicated to supporting women and children in need. A portion of the proceeds from each piece sold will be donated to The House of Ruth in Los Angeles, fostering opportunities for a better life for those in need.  With almost thirty years of experience, Heller Jewelers will be happy to assist in finding your next piece of luxury from their incredible selection in their San Ramon jewelry store. For more information about the Luminous Collection, their selection, or their professional services, please contact (925)904-0200 or www.hellerjewelers.com.  About Heller Jewelers  Established in 1996, Heller Jewelers is proud to serve San Ramon, California from their City Center Bishop Ranch jewelry store, offering top tier designer jewelry and timepieces as well as truly exceptional customer service. Their full-service store offers a truly luxurious experience to each person that walks through their doors. A carefully curated inventory caters to a broad audience and celebrates artistry and craftsmanship. Their experience and qualified staff are ever prepared to guide you through their inventory, or perform a number of jewelry services. For more information on Heller Jewelers' designer products and professional services, visit hellerjewelers.com, call (925)904-0200, or email info@hellerjewelers.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511714/luminous-by-brooke-at-heller-jewelers-celebrating-the-full-flower-moon) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 