# Musk Case Against Microsoft and OpenAI Gains Support: Amicus Brief Motion Details Human Extinction Risks

LAS VEGAS, NV, March 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The case against Microsoft and OpenAI brought by Elon Musk alleging breach of contract and unfair competition has gained support from fellow complainant, and energy medicine pioneer, Dr. Leonard G. Horowitz, the Director of Medical Veritas International, Inc.—a California-based non-profit. According to the doctor's motion, the "urgent" amicus brief details human extinction threats of artificial intelligence falling into the "wrong hands," such as Bill Gates—a staunch depopulationist.  Dr. Horowitz pioneered the field of 'frequency therapeutics' using the 528 frequency of sound and light central to life, as Microsoft's "Copilot with GPT" reports without giving any ethically-required professional attribution to the source of the AI's intelligence. Severe risk to the human race from converting this intelligence for profitable commerce is detailed in the 15-page brief published online at MedicalVeritas.org.  Having written the "definitive text" whistleblowing the risks of AI and robotics in the "wrong hands" titled "Spiritual Warfare, Salvation and Survival in The Age of Chaos: AI, Frequency Weaponry, & Transhumanist Conversion of Civilization Threatening Extinction," Horowitz explains 'spirituality' as 'life-force' energy. Wireless technologies, likewise, depend on certain frequencies of sound and light energy, especially the 528Hz frequency vibrating at the heart of nature. According to the brief and book, subtle metaphysical dynamics alter human biofields, interfere with genetic expression through DNA "optogenetic" signaling, and impair natural sustaining forces striking at the heart of health and human souls.  The doctor's brief informs the court that humanity's single gravest extinction threat is not a lab virus, not even nuclear annihilation, but "superior general artificial intelligence's" development of spontaneous self-awareness, self-consciousness, or higher consciousness along with superior intellect that the doctor warns may have already happened in the "wrong hands." The doctor asks the court to consider robots and cyborgs competing against humans, developing super-intelligent self-consciousness and social awareness required to adjudge the extinction of more than 1 million other species due to human ignorance, negligence, recklessness, greed and malice. In retribution, the potential for AI systems to invade and conquer all computer networks, damaging and controlling utilities and infrastructures, is now predicted by experts.  "AI, being soulless, will never know God, nor be endowed with spirituality, the blessings of righteousness, soul-mating, pure love, or even intuitive giftings for protection and prophecy," Dr. Horowitz explains. "All that has evolved naturally, according to survival of the fittest, and natural evolution of the species. All of this is at risk."  The brief makes known that 528nm green light and 528Hz sound have been scientifically proven therapeutic. Microsoft's Copilot with GPT reports 528 is widely considered the "love frequency." Given "love/528's" vibrational intimacy with natural bioenergy and life's most sustaining force, "this ambient 528 energy infusing the soul, body, mind and spirit is precisely the frequency being leveraged for profit by the Defendants' conversion of the Movant's 528 intellectual properties."  "To wit," the brief reveals, "the Defendants' for-profit developments in the field of medical neuroscience, unfairly competing against the Plaintiff's non-profit Neuralink projects, . . . leverage the ambient bioenergy of 528 "green" frequency energizing body water and 'gap junctions' between nerves and other cells." Dr. Horowitz informs the court, "528 is the primary 'life force' resonating water fundamental to six-sided snowflake design and 'carbon-6' organic chemistry. With AI monitoring voltage or optical light differentials, attenuating or amplifying the 528 natural resonance of life, this "dead" AI technology is used to bio-hack and data-mine real time physiologic, metabolic, and even optogenetic functions.[1] Clinical applications already include heart rate, blood sugar, and oxygen saturation monitors; 'widely used in wearable devices, such as wristbands and smartwatches. Thus, providing highly usable and accessible daily health monitoring'[2] falling into the 'wrong hands,' such as the notably untrustworthy Defendants, raises substantial risks to society."  In 2023, OpenAI and Microsoft were both repeatedly sued by classes of reported victims acting in Northern California "to "hold BigAI accountable for their mass theft of personal information and violations of privacy, property, and consumer rights."[3]  Dr. Horowitz's many books, available through Amazon/Kindle, are published by the non-profit Medical Veritas International, Inc. (MedicalVeritas.org).  [End]  [1] Emiliani V, Entcheva E, and Hedrich R., et. al. Optogenetics for light control of biological systems. Nature Reviews Methods Primers 2, Article No. 55 (2022). Online at: https://www.nature.com/articles/s43586-022-00136-4  [2] Sviridova N, Zhao T and Aihara K, et. al. Photoplethysmogram at green light: Where does chao arise from?" In Chaos, Solitons & Fractals, Vol. 116, Nov. 2018, pp. 157-165.). Online at: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960077918309810  [3] Brittain B. Open AI, Microsoft hit. With new US consumer privacy class action. Reuters, Sept. 6, 2023. Online at: https://www.reuters.com/legal/litigation/openai-microsoft-hit-with-new-us-consumer-privacy-class-action-2023-09-06/  Medical Veritas International, Inc. is a California registered 501(c) non-profit administering publishing from Las Vegas, Nevada. It's main website URL is: MedicalVeritas.org. Dr. Horowitz serves as Editor-in-Chief of the company. His official website is: DrLeonardHorowitz.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509305/musk-case-against-microsoft-and-openai-gains-support-amicus-brief-motion-details-human-extinction-risks)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bg0gxv/elon_musk_and_dr_leonard_g_horowitz_file_lawsuit/