# Bestselling Author Marlayne Giron Announces Release of New Amish Romance Novel, A Place Of Refuge

WILMINGTON, NC, September 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bestselling author Marlayne Giron has announced the release of her latest Amish Romance novel, A Place of Refuge.  In this book, Rachel Winston returns home to Second Chance Inn too injured and weak to meet the needs of her guests. Samuel's decision to marry her resulted in his shunning and in the loss of support from his family and community.  Emma Lapp has returned home in desperation, only to be turned away by her parents. She is forced to abandon her car and happens upon the sign for Second Chance Inn. Her timely appearance is a godsend to Rachel who takes a risk and welcomes her in. Hopeful that Rachel and Samuel will also help her friends, Emma summons Amos, Aaron and Abram to the Inn.  These dispossessed youth, outcasts from their family and community, find a new sense of belonging, hope and purpose. Second Chance Inn becomes much more than just a means to an end, it has transformed into A Place of Refuge.  The new book is available in both paperback and ebook versions at Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/stores/Marlayne-Giron/author/B09YQPRVL7.  A Goodreads Giveaway is being offered through October 6, 2024 at https://www.goodreads.com/giveaway/show/397884.  In her previous Amish Romance novel, Second Chance Inn, Rachel Winston is suddenly and tragically widowed in her early 30s. She and her adopted, teenaged daughter, Karen, are forced to leave everything behind in Southern California. She purchases an Amish farmhouse in Lancaster County, PA to open an Amish-style Bed & Breakfast Inn. The farmhouse she purchases was put on the market by a young Amish widower, Samuel Miller, who recently lost his wife and five children in a buggy accident. He has moved into the Dawdi house to maintain the farm and Rachel happily cooks, cleans, and does his laundry in exchange for his help.  Thrown together by tragic loss, their mutual suffering draws them together against the rules of his community. Solace and friendship soon turn into something deeper, putting him at great risk for shunning. Rachel struggles to adapt while her daughter finds it easier to fit in to the Amish lifestyle.  Will Rachel succeed in becoming Amish so she can be with Samuel, or will their blossoming relationship doom them both as outcasts?  Giron's bestselling Christian Fantasy Fiction e-book, 'The Victor', was heavily influenced by Tolkien's Lord of the Rings. In the tradition of Stephen Lawhead and Elizabeth Chadwick, Marlayne Giron writes epic fantasy fiction centered around traditional Christian values. Her work has been compared to 'The Chronicles of Narnia' and has an endorsement by New York Times bestselling author Tosca Lee on the front cover.  Destined to become a classic, the new book is an inspirational historical fantasy fiction book written for ages 12 and up. This spellbinding tale is set apart from other Christian fiction books by her subtle but powerful method of presenting Christian principles embedded in a majestic adventure that is gripping, riveting, and engaging for readers of any age. It is perfect as a home school resource for both English and history curriculum.  As noted on Giron's website, a companion lesson plan is available for advanced Language Arts students in upper middle school through high school. The Lesson Plan explores the language and Biblical symbolism of the novel and works especially well for Christian homeschoolers. Because the Christian Bible plays such a powerful role in history and sociology, the book is recommended for non-Christians as well.  The student workbook is available at no charge at Giron's website at https://thevictorbook.com/download-the-free-student-workbook-and-chivalry-studies/.  Readers and reviewers have praised The Victor. Robert Heath, Founder and Director of Kids for Christ/USA, stated, "The Victor is an absolute 'literary masterpiece' that should be required reading in High Schools across the land. In fact, if there was a required reading list for Christians, The Victor would have to be on it."  NY Time bestselling author Tosca Lee said, "The Victor is an epic adventure of love, loss, and triumph over evil. Giron's characters leap off the page into medieval battles, jousts, quests, and romance. Fans of Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, and medieval fantasy will not want to miss out on this classic tale!"  Karen Koch, former editor of the Christian Home Educators Association of California Magazine stated, "I loved this book. The author had me at castles, sword fights, and a gentle romance, but the novel reveals an eternal story of good vs. evil that is much deeper than just what's on the surface. Middle and high school students (and their parents) will love this account of adventure, drama, betrayal, sacrifice, and ultimate victory."  Kathi Macias, bestselling author of nearly sixty books said, "Author Marlayne Giron has woven together a fast-paced adventure and a tender love story that will keep readers on the edge of their seats, even as they are caught up in the lives of believable characters, both good and evil. The Victor will introduce – or reintroduce – readers to the majestic story of the Bible, a story of love, redemption, and victory. Though aimed at high-school aged readers, adults will be captivated by it as well. Highly recommended!"  The Victor is available at Amazon at https://www.amazon.com/Marlayne-Giron/e/B09YQPRVL7  Marlayne Giron is available for media interviews. She can be reached using the information below, or by email at mmgiron@yahoo.com. All books are available at Amazon at at https://www.amazon.com/Marlayne-Giron/e/B09YQPRVL7. More information is available at Giron's website at https://thevictorbook.com.  About Marlayne Giron:  Author Marlayne Giron is a Jewish girl who writes Christian Fiction. She has been married to her husband Michael since 1986. She came to faith in Jesus as Messiah as a direct result of watching the television film, "Jesus of Nazareth" by Franco Zefferelli in 1977. From that moment on she began to read the Old Testament and discovered that believing in Jesus was the fulfillment of her Jewish faith. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514792/bestselling-author-marlayne-giron-announces-release-of-new-amish-romance-novel-a-place-of-refuge) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 