# Annual HWPL World Peace Summit Celebrates a Decade of Global Commitment to Peace

SEOUL, KOREA, August 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On September 18, 2024, the 10th Anniversary of the HWPL World Peace Summit will be celebrated in South Korea and simultaneously in 122 countries. The year's theme is: 'Creating World Peace Community Through Regional Collaboration', which commemorates global leaders' and citizens' commitment to peace that has lasted for a decade, with a vision toward future strategies to promote global harmony.  In 2014, Heavenly Culture, World Peace, and Restoration of Light (HWPL), an international peace organization, gathered over a thousand global leaders from different sectors including politics, religion, women's groups, youth organizations, and media outlets. These leaders hailed from about 140 countries and participated in the inaugural HWPL World Peace Summit in Seoul. The summit addressed the issues of conflict resolution, religious harmony, and the implementation of legal instruments to ensure lasting peace.  HWPL states that the purpose of this year's anniversary is to review achievements since 2014 and discuss future plans for peace. The event aims to gather regional talents and establish networks essential for tailored peace strategies and strengthen regional networks to tackle local peace threats. To achieve this, various sessions will be held in each country at different levels.  This year's slogan is: "Let's have everyone become a messenger of peace," which enumerates HWPL's advocacy for individual responsibility in promoting peace at all levels. HWPL plans to collect messages of peace from people around the world and reveal them at the event representing the desire for peace and unity of people from all walks of life around the world in the name of peace.  Fostered by the agreements signed in 2014, HWPL, alongside its global partners, has committed to addressing global challenges such as military tensions, economic disputes, climate change, and cyber security threats through enhanced regional cooperation and collective action. HWPL is dedicated to establishing a robust peace governance framework, connecting international organizations, governments, and civil societies.   Last year for the Summit's 9th Anniversary, Chairman Lee Man-hee of HWPL said, "Why should the lives of young people be sacrificed in war? What is politics, and for whom is it for? When war breaks out, it is young people who are sacrificed. Peace cannot be achieved through words alone. If peace had won in this world, there would have been no regrettable deaths. We must leave peace as a legacy to the global community where our descendants will live." 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513414/annual-hwpl-world-peace-summit-celebrates-a-decade-of-global-commitment-to-peace)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1erv9mz/10th_anniversary_of_hwpl_world_peace_summit_a/