# B&S Site Development Named to Inc. 5000 for Third Time

MANASSAS, VA, August 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Inc. revealed today that Brown & Settle Inc., parent company of B&S Site Development LLC (B&S), ranks 3693 on the 2024 Inc. 5000, an annual list of the fastest-growing private companies in America. The prestigious ranking provides a data-driven look at the most successful companies within the economy's most dynamic segment: independent businesses. With revenue more than doubled in three years, B&S Site Development joins Microsoft, Meta, Under Armour, Oracle, Patagonia and many other well-known brands that have gained national exposure as honorees on the Inc. 5000.   "B&S is proud to be the data center industry's preferred site development partner. As the tremendous demand for e-infrastructure continues to grow, B&S has remained focused on data center site development," B&S CEO Chris Kete said. "Some of the world's largest end users, general contractors, and developers trust our experienced team of professionals to deliver quality site work on schedule. We're thrilled to be recognized for a third time as one of the fastest-growing companies in America."   The Inc. 5000 class of 2024 represents companies that have driven rapid revenue growth while navigating inflationary pressure, the rising costs of capital and seemingly intractable hiring challenges. This year's Inc. 5000 companies have added 874,458 jobs to the economy over the past three years.   "One of the greatest joys of my job is going through the Inc. 5000 list," Inc. Editor-in-Chief Mike Hofman said. "To see all of the intriguing and surprising ways that companies are transforming sectors, from health care to AI to construction, is fascinating for me as a journalist and storyteller. Congratulations to this year's honorees for growing their businesses fast despite the economic disruption we all faced over the past three years, from supply chain woes to inflation to changes in the workforce."   For complete results of the Inc. 5000, including company profiles and an interactive database that can be sorted by industry, location and other criteria, go to www.inc.com/inc5000.  About B&S Site Development  B&S Site Development LLC (B&S) is a full-service site development contractor. Headquartered just outside of Washington, DC and directly within the data center capital of the world, B&S specializes in large parcel, mission critical site development projects. The B&S growth story continues with enthusiastic business leadership from outside the industry and an approach unconstrained by conventional subcontractor thinking. B&S won bronze at the American Business Awards for Construction Company of the Year and is ranked on the Inc. 5000 List of America's Fastest-Growing Private Companies.   More about Inc. and the Inc. 5000   Methodology  Companies on the 2024 Inc. 5000 are ranked according to percentage revenue growth from 2020 to 2023. To qualify, companies must have been founded and generating revenue by March 31, 2020. They must be U.S.-based, privately held, for-profit and independent—not subsidiaries or divisions of other companies—as of December 31, 2023. (Since then, some on the list may have gone public or been acquired.) The minimum revenue required for 2020 is $100,000; the minimum for 2023 is $2 million. As always, Inc. reserves the right to decline applicants for subjective reasons. Growth rates used to determine company rankings were calculated to four decimal places.   About Inc.  Inc. Business Media is the leading multimedia brand for entrepreneurs. Through its journalism, Inc. aims to inform, educate, and elevate the profile of our community: the risk-takers, the innovators, and the ultra-driven go-getters who are creating our future. Inc.'s award-winning work achieves a monthly brand footprint of more than 40 million across a variety of channels, including events, print, digital, video, podcasts, newsletters, and social media. Its proprietary Inc. 5000 list, produced every year since its launch as the Inc. 100 in 1982, analyzes company data to rank the fastest-growing privately held businesses in the United States. The recognition that comes with inclusion on this and other prestigious Inc. lists, such as Female Founders and Power Partners, gives the founders of top businesses the opportunity to engage with an exclusive community of their peers, and credibility that helps them drive sales and recruit talent. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513389/bs-site-development-named-to-inc-5000-for-third-time) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 