# Bayuk Pratt Files Class Action Lawsuit for Bell Collier Village Fire Victims

ATLANTA, GA, August 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On Saturday, July 27, 2024, just after 6 p.m., hundreds of residents were evacuated from Bell Collier Village Apartments in Atlanta after a major fire. It started on the rooftop of the five-story apartment building during an unsanctioned party with over 100 people.  The Atlanta Fire Rescue Department (AFRD) responded to the fire and ensured no lives or pets were lost. AFRD reported that the fire was started by a propane grill filled with charcoal. While this violates building safety protocols, the fire department reports that inadequate fire control measures on the property contributed to the fire's intensity. In particular, the blaze was "fueled by a combustible rooftop deck and unprotected roof membrane." It took over two hours, 250,000 gallons of water, and 80 AFRD members, heavy rescue, EMS, and other teams to extinguish the fire.   According to Fire Chief Roderick M. Smith, "The failure to maintain essential fire safety measures and the presence of an unsanctioned party with hazardous equipment underscores the need for property owners to ensure compliance with safety standards. This disregard for fire regulations not only endangers lives but complicates our emergency response efforts."  Bell Collier Village residents are now left without a home, with damaged or missing property, and out potentially tens of thousands of dollars. Residents had to sleep in their cars or find other housing. They were not allowed back into the building to retrieve their belongings for over a week. Several apartments were condemned, and the residents are not allowed inside to collect any of their belongings. All leases have been terminated, forcing hundreds of residents to make immediate housing changes – an incredible financial and emotional burden.  The lawyers at Bayuk Pratt recognize that the residents of Bell Collier Village shouldn't be the ones to bear this burden. The firm has filed a class action lawsuit against the property owner and management company, Bell Partners, on behalf of the residents, seeking compensation for what residents have suffered because of the fire. Their complaint states that the complex and its owner's "actions and omissions contributed to the fire," causing "destruction and condemnation of the building and the personal belongings." It alleges that the complex is responsible due to building and fire code violations involved with constructing, operating, and managing the apartments. Their combustible rooftop deck and lack of a fire membrane that would stop the fire from spreading throughout the building were critical errors that led to the extent of the damage.  "It's one thing to say the city should have inspected more or should have caught more, but the fact is, as an owner who is opening your place for business and having hundreds of people come in and rent from you, you shouldn't need to be told you you've done something wrong," says attorney Frank Bayuk. "Ultimately, we are seeking compensation for all of the losses that they've endured. This property had 256 units, I think, so hundreds of tenants were affected by this."  What to Do If You Were Affected by the Bell Collier Village Apartment Fire  In Georgia, landlords and apartment owners have a duty to keep the complex and units safe, habitable, and in good repair. When they fail in this duty, residents have a right to hold them liable for any resulting damages. This responsibility is essential in apartment complexes, as disasters like fires can spread quickly and affect all the units in the building. Unfortunately, this was the case in the Bell Collier Village building, and all units were affected by the fire, water, or smoke damage.  If you were one of these residents, there are some steps you can take to pursue the compensation you are owed, including:  - Create an itemized list of everything in your apartment – Consider all your belongings in your unit and their condition. Make a list of everything that was damaged or that you could not retrieve. - Keep a journal – It can be helpful to document the inconveniences and issues you are experiencing because of the fire. This may include everything from losing your housing and the costs involved in finding a new place to live to any time you miss at work. - Reach out to Bayuk Pratt here – The firm has filed a class action lawsuit seeking compensation for the affected residents. Fill out the form on their page with your information so they can contact you and provide any updates.  Residents shouldn't have to suffer the consequences of an apartment complex's negligence. Bayuk Pratt will fight for the justice and financial recovery residents deserve.  About Bayuk Pratt  Bayuk Pratt is a personal injury and civil litigation law firm based in Atlanta. Along with the personalized service of a small practice, they provide a major advantage. Attorneys Frank Bayuk and Bradley Pratt are former Big Law defense attorneys, giving them insider knowledge that helps them win. It takes a lot to beat big corporations and get them to pay for their mistakes and the damage they cause, but their dedicated team is up to the challenge. Their lawyers have more than 50 years of combined legal experience and have recovered over $300 million for their deserving clients. And they do it all for nothing upfront, never charging fees unless they secure compensation. Contact the firm today for a free consultation to learn more. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513391/bayuk-pratt-files-class-action-lawsuit-for-bell-collier-village-fire-victims)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1erv9pa/major_fire_at_bell_collier_village_apartments/