# How An Ethical AI Company Is Making Waves in The Industry

SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA, August 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- RobobAI (pronounced "robo buy") is a global fintech leveraging AI technology to help global organizations transform global supply chains ethically. RobobAI's CEO Julian Harris shares how the company is using AI to increase transparency and streamline visibility of supply chains, helping businesses shift their spend to more ethical suppliers.  "The most exciting thing about RobobAI is our potential to drive genuine change," Harris says. "Our company believes in smart people leveraging smart AI technology to solve data visibility problems of the past and build an arsenal of knowledge against the risks of the future."  RobobAI aims to help large organizations "shift their spend towards more ethical and sustainable suppliers to create real and positive impact on environments and communities around the world." The company's commitment is based on these principles:  •	We believe that global organizations have enormous opportunities to positively impact human rights, protect the environment, and be more inclusive of indigenous, diverse, and small businesses. •	We help organizations know more and buy better. •	We leverage AI technology to sculpt data into a clear vision of how organizations manage their supply chain. •	We use 360° visibility of supply chain spend to drive efficiencies and reduce waste. •	We've pledged 1% working with NFPs to support ethical and commercial supply chain visibility. •	We utilize research and development of new ESG initiatives (Carbon, Cyber, DEI).  "By understanding their current reality, organizations can do their part to build a better future world by evolving the ethical and commercial management of their supply chain," Harris says.  About: Julian Harris, CEO and Founder of RobobAI, has a distinguished track record of establishing and growing successful technology businesses across Europe and Asia. Recognizing the critical juncture at which global organizations find themselves, Julian co-founded RobobAI, an innovative AI-driven platform designed to enhance the ethical and commercial management of supply chains. With over 30 years of experience, Julian's career highlights include scaling tech service companies like Search365, Groworx, and Inawisdom. He has also contributed significantly to the non-profit sector, serving as Chairman of Ozgreen and as a board member for Charities Aid Foundation (CAF) Australia. A Harvard Business School alumnus and BSc Engineering Honors recipient, Julian combines his expertise in scaling tech businesses with a deep commitment to sustainable development. He is passionate about sharing his knowledge and insights with organizations worldwide. Explore robobai.com.  Online press kit: robobai.onlinepresskit247.com  For more information or interview requests, contact Executive Publicist Michelle Tennant Nicholson at Michelle@WasabiPublicity.com or 828-749-3200. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513383/how-an-ethical-ai-company-is-making-waves-in-the-industry) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 