# Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP Welcomes Amy Johnsgard as New Partner, Spearheading Personal Injury Practice

SAN DIEGO, CA, August 14, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP is proud to announce Amy Johnsgard as the firm's newest partner. Ms. Johnsgard's extensive background in litigation and trials ensures she does not shy away from courtroom fights to achieve justice.  "Achieving justice for those who have been wronged or injured has always been my guiding principle," said Johnsgard. " Representing individuals with personal injury claims is particularly gratifying as I can facilitate my clients' physical and emotional healing while obtaining a financial recovery."  Ms. Johnsgard's dedication and expertise in the areas of personal injury, human rights, consumer fraud, and product defects have led to significant victories for her clients.  "We don't shy away from big fights and have a team of extremely bright and passionate attorneys dedicated to making the world a better and more just place," Amy added. "Our personal injury practice allows for direct, one-on-one time between the attorney and the client, rather than through a legal assistant or paralegal. This level of personal attention is rare and valuable."  A San Diego native, Ms. Johnsgard's passion for the law began before she attended law school when she worked as a paralegal for a La Jolla attorney. During that time, she also devoted hundreds of pro bono hours to the San Diego Volunteer Lawyer Program, providing life-saving legal assistance to particularly vulnerable members of the community.  Ms. Johnsgard graduated magna cum laude from the University of San Diego School of Law in 2011, where she received several CALI awards for ranking at the top of her class. While in law school, she served as an editor on the Journal of Climate and Energy Law and a contributor to San Diego's Climate Action Plan. She completed internships with the U.S. Attorney's Office Civil Division and the Department of Justice, Environmental Enforcement Section, and a judicial internship with the Honorable William V. Gallo. She graduated from Pomona College in 1999. Prior to joining Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, she was an associate at Wood Smith Henning & Berman, LLP, then a Partner at Coast Law Group, LLP.  "Amy brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in both litigation and personal injury. We are thrilled to welcome her to our uniquely powerful team and to expand our firm's personal injury practice," said Partner Helen Zeldes.  Schoubrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP recently promoted two exceptional attorneys, Joshua A. Fields and John Washington, to partners to grow its leadership team. Fields, a seasoned complex litigation and appellate attorney, and Washington, an international human rights law expert, demonstrate dedication and expertise in the legal field.  Schonbrun Seplow Harris Hoffman & Zeldes, LLP is a nationally recognized law firm with an exceptional 30+ year track record of litigating the most complex employment, consumer, civil rights, and human rights cases. For more information, please visit sshhzlaw.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513357/schonbrun-seplow-harris-hoffman-zeldes-llp-welcomes-amy-johnsgard-as-new-partner-spearheading-personal-injury-practice)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1erv9ce/amy_johnsgard_joins_schonbrun_seplow_harris/