# Patriot Postal Open Now at 5100 W Sublett Rd, Arlington, TX

ARLINGTON, TX, September 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The owners of a new pack & ship store chose the name Patriot Postal to express their love of their country. And because they have a special place in their hearts for the brave souls who work to keep America safe, all military and first responders will receive 10% off every purchase - every day of the month and every month of the year. Says owner Brad Fry, "Thank you for your service! You will always have a friend at Patriot Postal."  The independently owned store plans to offer shipping through all the major carriers including UPS, FEDEX, USPS, DHL, and many other local and regional carriers. Patriot Postal will also offer notary and mobile notary services, document shredding, electronic fingerprinting, packing materials, office supplies, special purchase items, and much, much more.  The Arlington site will also have private mailboxes at rental rates that are lower than what you'd find at the post office or most other pack & ship stores. Staff is ready, willing, and able to explain lease terms and educate customers about the benefits of having a private mailbox address dedicated for their own use. Home-based businesses looking to keep personal addresses private and people concerned with delivered packages being stolen by "porch pirates" may be particularly interested in what they have to say.  "And we have a treat for you every time you walk through the door. When you walk into a movie theater, what incredible scent do you detect every time? That's right, from day one, our store will always have the wonderful smell of fresh popcorn, because we pop it all day long. And it's free for the taking! Bags of warm, fresh popcorn will always be there to greet you."  "We are happy to have Patriot Postal as a tenant at the Sublett Center, just one of many commercial, retail, and industrial properties owned and managed by RDS Real Estate," said Vice-President Jim Eaton. "If you are in search of commercial property for lease in the Fort Worth area, give Jim a call at (817) 439-3224.  According to Brad Fry, the W. Sublett Road location was chosen for the first of ten stores planned to be opened during the next three years. "Before we're done growing, everyone will know Patriot Postal." And by the way, "Our founder, Michelle Fry, is one of the friendliest people you'll ever meet. She looks forward to serving the community and getting to know all her new customers."  About Patriot Postal Patriot Postal is an independently owned full-service pack & ship store located in the Sublett Center at 5100 W Sublett Road in Arlington, Texas. Whatever your postal needs, you are invited to stop in at any time, call the store at 682-587-4187. Says Brad Fry, "We look forward to meeting YOU at your earliest convenience." Check them out on Instagram.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial, and multi-use space in Tarrant County with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about rent commercial property Ft Worth, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, email him at leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513806/patriot-postal-open-now-at-5100-w-sublett-rd-arlington-tx) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 