# Haltom City Council Election – Come Meet the Candidates & Get Registered to Vote

HALTOM CITY, TX, March 11, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Are you registered to vote in May 2024 City Council election in Haltom City? If not, you only have until April 3 to get registered so that your vote will count in this important election for City Council.  You can get registered and meet the candidates at two upcoming events at Tarrant Event Center at 5230 Denton Highway. Registering is easy and licensed registrars and all the supplies you need to do so will be available to you at these events.   "Haltom City is 51% Hispanic, and we need everyone to come out, get registered and vote in this election," said Cindy Sturgeon, a licensed voter registrar and candidate for City Council, Place 3.  Cindy Sturgeon and Spencer Drabik (Place 4) are local business owners who are your candidates for City Council. They will be kicking off their campaigns for the May 4 Haltom City municipal election during these events.  "We want to hear from you. What are your thoughts on Haltom City? What can we do better? What improvements would you like to see?" asked Drabik. These events are your chance to talk directly with the candidates.  Learn more about Sturgeon by visiting her campaign Facebook page at Cindy Sturgeon for Haltom City and more about Drabik at his campaign website Drabik for Haltom City.com.  Treats and beverages will be provided to all who attend. Grab a campaign sign for your yard. If you like what you here, campaign donations will be accepted. Mark your calendars for Sunday, March 17, 2-5 pm and Monday, March 25th from 5-8 pm. See you there!  About Haltom City Haltom City is a diverse, majority working-class city located between Dallas and Fort Worth in Tarrant County, TX. Haltom City is minutes from both the DFW Airport and Downtown Fort Worth with direct access to major highways including I-820 and SH-121. Due to an outdated and restrictive use matrix that discourages new business and deters growth, several areas of Haltom City have seen a decline in small businesses which provided goods and services and were a significant source of jobs, including the once-thriving automotive industry. However, Haltom City can reverse this trend and should prioritize development of inner-city land and vacant buildings, particularly in the major corridors close to the city's center. The city is financially healthy with a capable manager and staff who would like to see diverse business development occur and need the support of the City Council to make it happen.  About Make Haltom City Thrive Again The Make Haltom City Thrive Again has as its goal bringing the small businesses back to Haltom City, particularly the main corridors in the older parts of South and Central Haltom City. The campaign has proposed a concept plan with a variety of low-cost and no-cost actions the city could take to bring businesses back to older buildings in Haltom City. For more information, visit MakeHaltomCityThriveAgain.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509164/haltom-city-council-election-come-meet-the-candidates-get-registered-to-vote) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 