# Brand New Commercial Space for Lease in Alvarado TX Business Park

ALVARADO, TX, March 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The 917 Industrial Park recently finished a 300,000-square-foot expansion. With available space sizes ranging from 1,250 square feet to 26,400 square feet, you're certain to find commercial space to meet your needs.  The 917 Industrial Park is close to main roads, including the Heritage Parkway, Highway 287 and I-35 West. This property is easy to get to from not only Alvarado, but also Burleson, Cleburne, Crowley, Fort Worth, Grandview, Joshua, Keene, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rendon, South Fort Worth, Venus and beyond.  Looking for the perfect space to bring your business vision to life? Look no further than 4568 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 108, just outside the City of Alvarado, Texas. RDS Real Estate is excited to introduce you to this 3000 square foot warehouse space.  With two 14-foot bay doors, logistics are a breeze. And with an office and restroom included, you'll have everything you need to hit the ground running. Loading docks and fenced outdoor storage are available with some of the listings in the business park.  No certificate of occupancy is required. With this location just outside of city limits, you can focus on what matters—building your small business. Whether you're a startup or an established player in the field, Unit 108 is ready to be the backdrop for your success story.  Don't miss this opportunity to secure premium office-warehouse space. Reach out to RDS Real Estate today to schedule your tour of 4572 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 108.  "Those looking for Johnson County shop space for rent should check out our property listings at The 917 Industrial Park," said RDS Real Estate Vice President Jim Eaton.  About 917 Industrial Park  917 Industrial Park is a brand-new office / warehouse park located near Alvarado, TX at 4500 – 4584 JD Mouser Pkwy. The industrial property for lease will range from 1,200 square feet up to 26,400 square feet. Each warehouse for rent will include one office, one restroom and 14' tall bay doors. Outside storage is also available with select units. In addition to commercial property for rent, 917 Industrial Park will also be the home of Mouser Self Storage located at 4595 JD Mouser Pkwy which offers storage units for rent as well as covered RV parking and hobby shops ranging from 360 to 960 square feet and include electrical outlets. All Mouser Self Storage rentals are on a month-to-month basis. 917 Industrial Park and Mouser Self Storage are locally managed and operated by RDS Real Estate located in Fort Worth, TX. For more information about leasing space in the business park, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224 or visit www.rdsrealestate.com.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial space, and multi-use space in Tarrant County with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any of their properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224,  leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509324/brand-new-commercial-space-for-lease-in-alvarado-tx-business-park)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1bie9l5/917_industrial_park_completes_300000_sq_ft/