# Combatting Financial Illiteracy: "The Wannabe Investor Blueprint" Revealed during Financial Literacy Month

NEW YORK, NY, March 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ --   Why is the U.S. largely financially illiterate?  According to Robert Johnson, a professor of finance at Creighton University, "The surest way to build true long-term wealth is to invest in the stock market." Yet only 60% of Americans are making their money work for them by investing. If they only knew that the average annual return on large capitalization stocks since 1926 is approximately 10% vs. the .46% -5% earned in their savings accounts.  Might our financial illiteracy have something to do with the fact that a mere 17% of U.S. adults were taught financial literacy in high school or college?   Ann Marie Sabath was herself a victim of the failure of our educational system to include financial studies in the curricula. She had no clue how to invest in the stock market and kept her money in certificates of deposit for thirty years earning a measly amount that did not even keep up with inflation. Eager to learn yet not knowing where to turn, she finally found a solution in 2014 that caused her investing knowledge to skyrocket. This wannabe investor began studying under a master violinist retired from the New York Philharmonic whom she quickly learned knew how to do much more than pizzicato. During his more than sixty-five years in the stock market, he had amassed a fortune. Rather than hoarding his knowledge, he willingly agreed to take her under his wing to teach her how to grow her own nest egg.  After studying for ten years under the daily tutelage of the person she refers to as her own "Warren Buffet," Sabath became a diversified stock owner amassing a small fortune of her own. Her informed, passionately told advice for helping others will be readily available on April 1 when her eleventh book is published by Soncata Press. Its title, appropriately, is The Wannabe Investor: 40 Must-Know Facts Before Buying Your First Stock.  In this groundbreaking book, released to coincide with Financial Literacy Month, Ann Marie shares her wealth of knowledge to empower wannabes to enter the world of investing one step at a time. Her writing style is refreshingly down-to-earth, making even the most intricate concepts easy to grasp. Booklife puts The Wannabe Investor in the same league as John Bogle's The Little Book of Common Sense and Jean Chatzky and Kathryn Tuggle's How to Money.  Topics covered include:  •	The seven excuses people make for not investing •	The two essential pre-investment steps before buying a single share of stock •	The importance of identifying your risk tolerance •	The eighth wonder of the world: compounding •	The one-hour-a-year investment strategy  Advanced Praise for The Wannabe Investor:  "For neophyte or casual investors, Sabath's book could well become a primer for how to get started while minimizing risk; the information is presented in a clear, sensible order, and the prose is personable and friendly, often illuminating certain principles with accounts from her own personal experience. . . . A cogent, warmly written guide to beginning investing." —Kirkus Reviews  "The Wannabe Investor is like having a chat with a friend who's navigated the complexities of investing."  —Erik Bethel, former U.S. director, World Bank Board of Directors  "The Wannabe Investor should be on every investor's desk. As a former hedge fund portfolio manager, I wholeheartedly endorse the imperative for new investors to grasp the basics of buying stocks before investing in the market." —Jay Newman, Author, Undermoney  About the Author  ANN MARIE SABATH has authored ten books, including the best-selling What Self-Made Millionaires Do That Most People Don't. Her passion for investing was ignited during her ten life-changing years under the guidance of a seasoned stock market guru. Inspired by his six-decade fortune-building journey, she developed a keen understanding of investment principles and practical choices, which allowed her to build her substantial nest egg. Today, Sabath dedicates her time to empowering individuals to create their success through the content in The Wannabe Investor and her other books.  Victor Gulotta Gulotta Communications, Inc. 725 Boston Post Road, #16 Sudbury, Massachusetts 01776 www.booktours.com victor@booktours.com Office: 617-630-9286 Cell: 617-306-9494 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509373/combatting-financial-illiteracy-the-wannabe-investor-blueprint-revealed-during-financial-literacy-month) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 