# Rotberg is part of the "Second Generation" a term used for the children of survivors of the Nazi Holocaust

HAMILTON, ON, March 19, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Howard Rotberg, a retired lawyer and affordable housing developer, and a writer on ideologies, culture and values,, emerges as a distinctive voice in contemporary literature, wielding his pen to expose and challenge prevailing ideologies. With a remarkable career, Rotberg is the author of four thought-provoking books, each offering a unique exploration of ideologies and their impact on the modern world.  As the founder of Mantua Books, Canada's sole publishing house dedicated to conservative values and pro-Israel perspectives, Rotberg has established a platform that amplifies voices aligned with his convictions. His latest collection of essays not only illuminates diverse perspectives on contemporary Western challenges but also draws from his own Second Generation history, providing a personal touch to the analysis.  Howard Rotberg's literary contributions stand as a testament to his commitment to intellectual discourse, conservative values, and the imperative of confronting ideologies that threaten the fabric of a just society.  Rotberg's father was a survivor of the Holocaust, and lost his parents and then 8 year old sister to the Nazi gas chambers and barely survived as a slave laborer. Rather than focusing on issues of trauma, Rotberg emphasizes how the Holocaust should motivate the children of the survivors to take the lead in the prevention of another Holocaust. The mission of the Second Generation is to recognize the vile antisemitism now sweeping through the world of Islam, Europe and the universities of the West. Mouthing the words "Never Again" without supporting the right of Jews to live peacefully in their indigenous homeland of Israel, is a submission to the very worst among us.  In his prior books, Tolerism: The Ideology Revealed, The Second Catastrophe, and The Ideological Path to Submission, Rotberg was not hesitant to critique the culture wars in the West, including political correctness, wokism, postmodernism, and equity and diversity. These books argue that excessive tolerance of evil is not a moral position and that a Leftist-Islamist coalition, supported by media and the universities, has led to a submission to both cultural marxism and radical Islamism. His new book shows how a corrupted culture endangers the very foundation of western civilization.  Step into the literary world of Howard Rotberg, the author of 'Second Generation Radical: The World Through One Man's Second Generation Lens', whose storytelling serves as a compelling lens for revealing the deep layers of ideas, politics, and cultural dynamics starting from the Holocaust. Join him on a riveting journey that spans generations and provides a new perspective on the world. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509365/rotberg-is-part-of-the-second-generation-a-term-used-for-the-children-of-survivors-of-the-nazi-holocaust) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 