# Cardiologist Richard Daum now an eight-time Castle Connolly Top Doctor

FORT MYERS, FL, April 22, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Richard M. Daum, MD, MSc, has been recognized as a 2024 Castle Connolly Top Doctor — the eighth year he has received the prestigious Top Doctor honor. Only about 7 percent of the nation's licensed physicians are selected annually as Castle Connolly Top Doctors in their regions for their specialties.  Dr. Daum is a cardiologist with Cardiology Consultants of Southwest Florida & The Vein Center.  A Fellow of both the American College of Cardiology and the American College of Chest Physicians, Dr. Daum is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine, with subspecialty certification in cardiovascular disease.   In addition to helping people prevent cardiovascular disease (preventive cardiology), Dr. Daum evaluates and treats many types of cardiac conditions, both acute and chronic. He has special expertise in caring for patients with valvular heart disease, congestive heart failure, cardiac arrhythmias (heart-rhythm disorders), acute coronary syndromes, and myocardial infarction (heart attack).  According to his reviews, new patients visiting Dr. Daum might expect to find "quiet confidence" and a "careful listener." He is "caring and committed" with the "utmost attention to detail."  Dr. Daum served as an attending cardiologist with Lee Health System in Fort Myers from 2015 to 2021.  In addition to his clinical activities, he has served since 2014 as clinical associate professor of medicine at multiple top medical schools including Harvard, Tufts, University of Vermont, and University of South Florida.  Dr. Daum earned his medical degree at Weill Medical College of Cornell University. He completed an internal medicine residency at Baylor College of Medicine Affiliated Hospitals and a fellowship in cardiovascular disease at Tufts Medical Center. He also served as Chief Medical Resident at Houston's Methodist Hospital.  He holds a Master of Science (health policy and management) from Harvard University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health and completed an administrative residency at The Lahey Clinic.  Top Doctors are nominated by peer physicians and selected by the physician-led Castle Connolly research team.  This is the eighth year that his peers have nominated Dr. Daum as a Connolly Top Doctor. His consistent and comprehensive care is widely renowned.  About Castle Connolly Castle Connolly publishes its Top Doctors list at castleconnolly.com and in a variety of print and online partner publications. Nominations are open to all board-certified MDs, DOs, and DPMs. The Castle Connolly team chooses honorees based on nominee criteria that includes their medical education, training, hospital appointments, and disciplinary histories.  Doctors do not and cannot pay to be selected as a Castle Connolly Top Doctor. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510188/cardiologist-richard-daum-now-an-eight-time-castle-connolly-top-doctor) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 