# Stop the Unfolding Igbo Genocide: President Bola Tinubu's Premature Accusations and Orders Against IPOB Violate International Humanitarian Norms, Warns Billie Human Rights Initiative-London UK

LONDON, ENGLAND, June 06, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- London, United Kingdom — June 2, 2024 — The Billie Human Rights Initiative, a registered charitable organisation under the Charity Commission of England and Wales, expresses profound concern over recent developments in Nigeria. Dedicated to promoting and upholding the absolute human rights of the People of Biafra, we address the recent tragic events and subsequent statements made by President Bola Tinubu.  First and foremost, we would like to extend our profound sympathy and condolences to the families and friends of the five Army Officers and the six civilians who lost their lives in this terrorist attack on May 30th, 2024.  On Biafra Day, May 30, 2024, Nigeria witnessed the heartbreaking loss of Igbo lives, including the deaths of Igbo Army officers, including those from other Ethnic nations, and six civilians. President Tinubu's failure to acknowledge or offer condolences for Igbo civilian losses in his press statement is deeply troubling. Alarming still is the order given by the president to the army who are currently killing innocent civilians. These acts underscore the continued human rights abuses, marginalisation and atrocities perpetuated against the Igbo people and their cities under Nigerian siege.  The recent attack, hastily attributed to the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), raises several critical questions and concerns under international humanitarian law. To date, there is no evidence to suggest that IPOB committed this terrorist act. Instead, it appears to be a coordinated effort to undermine the people's right to self-determination and to destabilise the economic growth and development of Abia State. Over the past year, Abia State has emerged as a beacon of progress and inward investment, symbolising good governance and leadership starkly contrasting with the performance of other states in Nigeria.  Critical questions demanding answers include: Despite the government's claims of having degraded IPOB/ESN and its boast of intelligence networks scattered in Igbo villages, how could this attack occur so easily with such sophistication in Aba with the culprits unseen and at large? Are there certain rogue elements within the Nigerian state willing to go to any length to perpetrate human rights abuses and destabilise Igbo Land and their right to self-determination which is inalienable? Is there an agenda to make Abia state ungovernable by sabotaging the Aba free trade economic zone and its innovation clusters under the guise of counterterrorism? Why were mostly Igbo army officers selectively targeted for elimination in this incident, with IPOB blamed? With the high numbers of army officers being killed in Northern Nigeria, why are there no sieges taking place by the Nigerian Army?  Why has President Tinubu not expressed condolences to the families of the slain Igbo civilians?  Furthermore, we urge President Tinubu to obey the court's orders by addressing the illegal detention of Nnamdi Kanu and to adopt a leadership approach to resolve the issue of self-determination rather than wishing this matter away. Continuously ignoring court orders for Kanu's release undermines justice and fuels further unrest.  The Billie Human Rights Initiative calls on President Tinubu to thoroughly investigate these matters before taking any actions that could result in violations of international humanitarian law and crimes against humanity. Prematurely blaming IPOB without a comprehensive investigation threatens to escalate violence, destroy property, and deter foreign investment in one of Africa's burgeoning commercial cities.  We stand firm in our condemnation of the continued atrocities against the Igbo people and urge the Nigerian government to pursue justice and peace through thorough and unbiased investigations, in accordance with the principles enshrined in the Geneva Conventions and other international human rights instruments.  Billie Human Rights Initiative, a registered charitable organisation under the Charity Commission of England and Wales, is dedicated to promoting and upholding the absolute human rights of the People of Biafra. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511490/stop-the-unfolding-igbo-genocide-president-bola-tinubus-premature-accusations-and-orders-against-ipob-violate-international-humanitarian-norms-warns-billie-human-rights-initiative-london-uk)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1d9cbf2/billie_human_rights_initiative_condemns_human/