# BYDFi selected as the Best Retail Investor-friendly and the Most Popular Cryptocurrency Exchange in the World for 2024

DUBAI, UAE, April 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- BYDFi, the well-known Top 20 Crypto trading platform for global investors was recently announced as the winner of the two titles - 'Best Retail Investor-Friendly Exchange Globe 2024' and 'Most Popular Cryptocurrency Exchange Globe 2024'. International Business Magazine has conferred the award as part of its annual awards programme.  The Dubai-based online business news portal nominated BYDFi based on its recent developments and introduction of investor-friendly features. BYDFi has partnered with BANXA, Transak, Mercuryo, and Coinify to support over 60 fiat currencies and over 400 cryptocurrencies. BYDFi has developed its platform to support spot and derivatives trading. It offers a wide range of products to cater to seasoned and amateur traders. BYDFi provides its traders with over 200x leverage. It emphasizes security and transparency through multiple security settings and a dedicated fee page. With support for credit cards, debit cards, and bank transfers for deposits, BYDFi has become the most investor-friendly exchange globally in 2024. With over 500,000 users across 150 countries, BYDFi is also the most popular cryptocurrency exchange in the world.  BYDFi offers industry-leading liquidity, resulting in rapid growth in trading volume displayed on Coingecko. It is believed that this year, BYDFi may break into the top 10 rankings, as it is one of the few organizations offering over 600 spot trading pairs and over 250 derivatives trading pairs, setting the industry standard.  After the award announcement, Shankar Shivaprasad, CEO of International Business Magazine commented, "Our first impression of the user-friendly interface made us believe that this is a platform that is built for the masses. The access to spot trading, 200x leveraged perpetual contracts and unique leverages tokens scored huge points for BYDFi during the evaluation process. It's commendable to learn about the seamless trading experience and the committed customer support from BYDFi."  Michael Hung, CEO of BYDFi, extended his gratitude to International Business Magazine when the award title was announced. He conveyed his appreciation in the following words, "This is truly a proud moment presented by International Business Magazine. We are humbled and grateful for the two award titles honoured upon us. We have overcome several regulatory uncertainties and market volatility that cropped up across the world in the past few years. BYDFi has developed a responsible trading community across the globe by educating our users on the complexities of cryptocurrency trading. BYDFi provides a seamless and secure environment that embraces innovation while prioritizing user needs."  About BYDFi BYDFi is a leading blockchain centralized exchange (formerly known as BitYard), focusing on providing safe, convenient and innovative digital asset trading services. Since its establishment in 2020, we have been committed to creating a transparent, efficient and trustworthy digital asset trading environment for global users, promoting the development of the digital economy and global financial inclusion.  https://www.bydfi.com/  About International Business Magazine International Business Magazine is a global platform for business news covering Banking, Insurance, Investments, Wealth Management, Real Estate, Trading, Tourism, Technology, Hospitality, Mining, Education, Healthcare, FMCG and more such sectors. We receive over 300,000 views every month and we enjoy around 4.2 million views annually on our website. We conduct annual awards ceremony in Dubai, the nominations for which are invited throughout the year, from across the globe.  https://intlbm.com/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509747/bydfi-selected-as-the-best-retail-investor-friendly-and-the-most-popular-cryptocurrency-exchange-in-the-world-for-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 