# COLLEGE HUNKS HAULING JUNK AND MOVING® EXPANDS IN TALLAHASSEE FLORIDA

TALLAHASSEE, FL, April 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving®, an award-winning company and industry leader in stress-free solutions for junk removal and moving needs, continues expanding as it welcomed a new location to Tallahassee on April 3rd.   Located at 5277 Tower Rd, Suite A3 Tallahassee, FL 32303, the Tallahassee College HUNKS provides donation pickups, general labor assistance, and the company's signature fast, friendly junk removal and moving services for area residents and businesses. College HUNKS is frequently awarded a top franchise to own and is one of the only brands to make the Inc. 5000 list ten years in a row.   "We really like the College HUNKS way of doing things. If we were to start our business from scratch, we'd want the end result to be what HUNKS is already offering," said Jimmy and Beth Aloil, Franchise Owners of the Tallahassee location. "Once we were introduced to the brand, all of the core values really resonated with us."   Franchise owners Jimmy and Beth Aloi will lead the Tallahassee College HUNKS team in serving the Quincy, Crawfordville, Havana and Monticello areas.   "We want the satisfaction of knowing that what we do makes the lives of those living within our community easier," said the Aloi's. "Being able to create new employment opportunities is also very important to us. We want to create a culture within our walls that gets our employees excited to see what comes next!"   "We are delighted to welcome Jimmy and Beth Aloi to our team and to have their support in growing our brand in Tallahassee. They each have the drive of a true business owner and can propel the team toward success," said Nick Friedman, Co-Founder and Visionary of College HUNKS. "Thanks to our franchise partners, we can bring our quality brand to more communities and support individuals and businesses with their moving and hauling needs."   College HUNKS is a purpose-driven company dedicated to being a part of the community. College HUNKS recently celebrated donating 4 million meals to U.S. Hunger by donating two meals for every moving or junk-hauling job completed. The Tallahassee HUNKS team also plans to connect with area food banks and sponsor local family sports and events.   For more information about the Tallahassee HUNKS, visit www.collegehunkshaulingjunk.com/tallahassee/ or call 850-359-9697.  About College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving  College HUNKS Hauling Junk & Moving® was originally founded by two college buddies with a beat-up cargo van and now has more than 200 franchises providing full-service tech-enabled residential and commercial moving, junk removal, donation pickups, and labor services in the United States as well as Canada. H.U.N.K.S., which stands for Honest, Uniformed, Nice, Knowledgeable, Service, is a socially conscious, values-based organization and has a national partnership with U.S. Hunger, which strives to end childhood hunger. The brand was awarded the Community Hero award by U.S. Hunger in 2022. The company strives to become recognized as an iconic brand, renowned for its world-class company culture and service, while also providing a viable employment and franchise opportunity to pursue personal and professional fulfillment.   For more information, visit www.collegehunkshaulingjunk.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509818/college-hunks-hauling-junk-and-moving-expands-in-tallahassee-florida)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1bvsoj3/college_hunks_expands_to_tallahassee_offering/