# Create Your Own Blueprint For Healing Your Trauma - Dr. Kixx Goldman Announces Bestseller Status For Her Inspirational Ebook, Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard: Stories Of Courage And Healing

WILMINGTON, NC, April 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dr. Kixx Goldman, bestselling author of "Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard: Stories Of Courage And Healing," recently announced that the ebook version of "Speak From Your Heart" attained bestseller status in the Single Author Short Stories category. Her book offers an approach to healing from an utterly unique perspective - through fictional stories that are both motivational and inspirational.  Dr. Kixx takes readers on a journey that is an illuminating exploration into intuition, resilience, and emotional honesty. Through a collection of eight realistic but fictional stories, she begins to show us key strategies for navigating life's challenges with courage and authenticity. Every one of the stories serves as a compelling testament to the transformative power of honoring one's own inner voice. The key word here is "own". Every form of trauma is unique to the individual, and thus requires a one-of-a-kind approach. She has a talent that allows her to help guide readers to discover their own paths, without resorting to preaching or promising.  From the struggles of devoted fathers and resilient teachers to the often courageous defiance of therapists and survivors, the characters in "Speak from Your Heart" exemplify the resilience of the human spirit and will. Through these stories, readers are reminded of the inherent strength that lies within each of us, inspiring us to heal and reclaim our power. "Speak from Your Heart" is not just a book—it's a beacon of hope and healing, offering readers real insight for navigating life with grace and resilience.  The eight engaging fictional stories in this collection are personal, drawn from experiences in Dr. Kixx's life and the lives of her clients. The characters are tested by everyday traumas...  • A devoted father and his daughter find hope in rewriting their past. • With remarkable grit, a teacher escapes a surprise attack. • To heal his childhood wounds, a man must conquer his fears. • A therapist defies the establishment to protect her clients. • As she confronts the church, a therapist regains her standing. • A woman learns the risks of not speaking out. • By sharing her story and bonding with peers, a woman overcomes her trauma.  As the characters in these stories find the courage to triumph over their challenges, they heal and grow.  Inspired by real life people, characters show readers how to find the courage to transform difficult and traumatic life experiences, speak their truth and reclaim their power.  'Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard: Stories Of Courage And Healing' has received rave reviews from readers and reviewers. Leslie S. Greenberg, PhD, distinguished Research Professor Emeritus, Dept. of Psychology, York University said, " In each story, the characters' resilience is illustrated by how they transform difficult life stories into constructive final narratives. They find the courage to triumph over challenges to heal and they grow. The message of the book: speaking one's truth makes for desired change and healing."  In her review, Liz Moulden said, "The short stories from Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard have given me a second chance and a voice, the voice I never had. What's exciting about this book is each main character in these short stories experienced some kind of abuse/ trauma but each finds their inner voice. With help, they're able to heal. Anyone who has ever experienced abuse or trauma as I have will be able to see snapshots of themselves in these stories."  In addition, Dr. Goldman offers a treasure trove of related information on her blog. Her articles span topics from diversity to human relations, psychology, single parenting, immigration and children, marriage and family and much more. The blog can be found at her website.  Dr. Kixx Goldman is available for media interviews and can be reached using the information below or by email at drkixxgoldman@gmail.com. 'Speak From Your Heart And Be Heard' is available at Amazon and other book retailers. More information is available on her website at https://www.drkixxgoldman.com.  About Dr. Kixx Goldman:  Dr. Kixx Goldman is an author, a psychologist, and a coach. Kixx grew up in post-war Seattle. Before following the call of the desert and moving to Arizona, Kixx married a Canadian, lived in Vancouver, and raised three children. During those years, she acted in the local theater. She played the vindictive Abigail in Arthur Miller's Crucible. It was her most memorable role and a catalyst in her life.  Kixx earned graduate degrees in education and counseling psychology. In her private practice, she helped couples untangle fight cycles and recreate emotional intimacy. She also worked with individuals and families, and taught workshops on personal empowerment and conflict resolution. As a consultant in public schools, she helped students overcome learning problems and develop social skills. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509749/create-your-own-blueprint-for-healing-your-trauma-dr-kixx-goldman-announces-bestseller-status-for-her-inspirational-ebook-speak-from-your-heart-and-be-heard-stories-of-courage-and-healing) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 