# GO Markets clinches two award titles at International Business Magazine Awards 2024

DUBAI, UAE, April 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- GO Markets, one of the top providers of online forex trading, was honoured with two major award titles recently, demonstrating its superiority in the industry. The company has been awarded as the Most Trusted Global Forex Broker Asia 2024 and Best Global Forex Broker Asia 2024, solidifying its reputation as a reliable broker in the forex market. Choosing a forex broker requires a great deal of confidence. Traders must have faith that their broker is trustworthy, safe, and open in all of their transactions. By winning the award for the Most Trusted Global Forex Broker Asia 2024, GO Markets has proven to be exceptional in these fields.  The jury at International Business Magazine observed that GO Markets delivers the best value for money to its associated traders by providing competitive spreads and minimal costs. The trading platform offers sophisticated functionality for seasoned traders while remaining user-friendly even for novices. The GO Markets staff is accessible to traders around-the-clock to help with any queries or problems they might encounter.  Shankar Shivaprasad, CEO of International Business Magazine, stated on the company's laurel, "GO Markets has cemented its standing as the leading forex broker in the sector with recent honours. It is a reliable source for traders seeking reasonable pricing, a safe and transparent trading environment, and top-notch customer support. GO Markets provides all the tools you need to be successful in the forex market, regardless of your level of experience."  Soyeb Rangwala, Director of GO Markets, addresses achieving this remarkable feat: "This success reflects our continued efforts to provide consistent and trusted premium services to our clients and we are committed to maintaining this reputation in the years to come."  About GO Markets: GO Markets is a regulated and multi-award winning online CFD trading provider, offering 1000+ tradable CFD instruments. GO Markets began in Australia in 2006 and is widely recognised as Australia's first MT4 broker. GO Markets has since added MT5, cTrader, cTrader copy trader, PAMM, MetaTrader copy trading, mobile trading and a web-based solution to its trading platform suite. The clients' trading journey is of the highest importance to GO Markets and as such, GO Markets is committed to continually refining its technology, client support, and education.  https://www.gomarkets.com/en/  About International Business Magazine: International Business Magazine is a UAE-based online publishing company with a subscriber base of more than 50,000 that includes investors, C-suite employees, key stakeholders, policymakers and government bureaucrats. They deliver the latest news from the financial world and keenly promote innovative solutions in the industry.  https://intlbm.com/ 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509745/go-markets-clinches-two-award-titles-at-international-business-magazine-awards-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 