# Shirley Mueller Selected For "2023 Top VA Volume"

AUSTIN, TX, May 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Announcing a special recognition appearing in the July, 2023 issue of Scotsman Guide Residential Edition published by Scotsman Publishing, Inc.. Shirley Mueller was selected for the following honor: "2023 Top VA Volume"  Shirley Mueller commented on the recognition: "This is quite an honor for me. The fact that Scotsman Guide Residential Edition included me in its selection of "2023 Top VA Volume," signals that my constant effort to deliver excellent work has paid off. It is gratifying to be recognized in this way."  About Shirley Mueller: a short profile by and about the honoree:  Since 2003 Shirley has originated well over 3000 Texas Veteran and VA Loans. She has helped Veterans in almost every possible circumstance including active duty personnel deployed overseas, returning home, or with PCS orders. She also regularly helps separated Veterans who may have income that includes Military retirement, disability and social security. And she frequently helps spouses of Veterans who find themselves handling the home purchase or VA loan refinance for their family.  "My team and I provide a specialized service to Veterans that desire to buy a home for themselves and their families. The act of helping Veterans in this capacity is beyond rewarding. To have gotten to know so many amazing Veterans that each have a story to tell brings my team and I more of a purpose than just originating loans. We are helping real people that have been through and seen more than you could imagine."  As Vice President of Veteran Lending, Shirley heads up the VA Loans Texas Team, serving Texas Veterans statewide. She also is licensed to serve Veterans in the following states: CA, CO, FL, GA, LA, MD, NC, OH, OK, TN, VA, WA.  Following the publication of Shirley Mueller's selection for Scotsman Guide Residential Edition's 2023 Top VA Volume list, American Registry seconded the honor and added Shirley Mueller to the "Registry of Business Excellence™". An exclusive recognition plaque, shown here, has been designed to commemorate this honor.  For more information on Shirley Mueller, located in Austin, TX please call 737-209-7012, or visit https://www.facebook.com/ShirleyMuellerGR/.  This press release was written by American Registry, LLC with contributions from Shirley Mueller on behalf of Shirley Mueller.  American Registry, LLC is an independent company that serves businesses and professionals such as Shirley Mueller who have been recognized for excellence. American Registry offers news releases, plaques and The Registry™, an online listing of over 2 million significant business and professional recognitions. Search The Registry™ at http://www.americanregistry.com.  Contact Info: Shirley Mueller Phone: 737-209-7012 Email Address: shirley.mueller@rate.com  Shirley Mueller Selected For "2023 Top VA Volume" Source: American Registry on behalf of Shirley Mueller  This award is not indicative of the financial service professional's future performance. Working with any financial service professional is no guarantee as to future investment success nor is there any guarantee that the selected financial service professional will be awarded this accomplishment by this or any other publication in the future. The inclusion of an individual or firm in the Registry should not be construed as an endorsement of the individual or firm by The American Registry™ or the publication. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511004/shirley-mueller-selected-for-2023-top-va-volume)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1curntp/shirley_mueller_receives_2023_top_va_volume/