# Sarasota AC Repair, Replacement and Installation Pros at ACS Home Services Donate Air Conditioner to Local Family

SARASOTA, FL, May 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Sarasota AC repair experts at ACS Home Services provide 5 Star Rated air conditioning, heating & plumbing services. Summer is around the corner. It's a time of the year that causes the Brown family to cringe. "You sweat, but being skinny helps," said Urtorio Brown. "When you're hot, it's hard for you to get a good night's sleep."  ACS Home Services understands there have been a lot of steamy nights inside the Browns' home. For five years, they have gone without central heating and air conditioning, which in Sarasota or anywhere in the Sarasota, Clearwater or Sarasota areas is unbearable. Their old system broke and new units were out of their price range. AC repair, replacement or installation can be costly. They were also trying to save money for a new roof.  The Brown family is grateful because now, they won't have to choose. "There are actually more people out there without A/C than you would guess," said Josue Cabrera, the owner of ACS Home Services who provides AC repair in Clearwater, Sarasota, Sarasota and surrounding areas. "We're an air conditioning company. So, we're just trying to do something with what we have at our disposal." The temperature inside the Browns' home would flirt with 100 degrees, especially when Niki started cooking. "It's difficult trying to prepare meals while it's hot," she said.  Their four children agree. They argue over who gets to use the portable fan in their room. The family has a box unit in the wall to help offset the temperature in a blazing home. "I just don't wear shirts at all usually because it be so hot," said Urtorio Brown Jr.  Cabrera, a board member at the Tampa YMCA, mentioned to the community center that he was interested in donating free A/C units this summer to help families who were struggling to cool down. The YMCA helped match his business with deserving families who needed Sarasota AC repair & replacement or air conditioning in Sarasota, Clearwater and surrounding areas.  "I can't imagine getting in my car and driving a block without A/C," said Michael Brown, the executive director of Sarasota YMCA. "This whole thing is truly in alignment." The Brown family's home is nice and cool now. No more sweaty nights in bunk beds with nothing but a box fan for relief. Now, thanks to a generous businessman, life will be a lot more comfortable in their home. "It's something everyone should have," said Cabrera. ACS Home Services provides service for air conditioning, heating and plumbing to Sarasota, Clearwater, Sarasota and Surrounding areas.  ACS Home Services has multiple locations to make sure they can reach their customers quickly. Restoring your home's comfort is their specialty. Their HVAC experts are not only certified, they are drug-tested and background-screened, so you can feel safe as they provide you with expert service. Their uniformed technicians have both the equipment and know how to provide you with the high-level of service you expect when you call ACS Home Services.  ACS Home Services – AC Repair Tampa 1712 E Seward St Tampa, FL 33604 (813) 213-3537  ACS Home Services – AC Repair Clearwater 515 N Myrtle Ave Clearwater, FL 33755 (727) 304-6738  ACS Home Services – AC Repair Sarasota 1903 Northgate Blvd #120 Sarasota, FL 34234 (941) 202-6382 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511181/sarasota-ac-repair-replacement-and-installation-pros-at-acs-home-services-donate-air-conditioner-to-local-family) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 