# AmeriCash Loans Makes Back-to-School Shopping as Easy as A-B-C

DES PLAINES, IL, August 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- "When you sit down and do the math, back-to-school shopping can really add up to a significant expenditure," says AmeriCash Loans Senior District Manager Dave Papeck. "Backpacks plus school supplies plus electronics plus new clothes...all multiplied by the number of kids you have.  "These are some of the most important purchases families make all year," he continues, "as they try to give their children the best possible start for the new school year."  Back-to-school lists, which grow longer every year, are a major stress factor for millions of American families that lack a reserve of savings on which to draw.  Many families have limited financial resources  A recent Morning Consult survey found that more than 37 percent of parents are stressed about back-to-school shopping.  It's not hard to see why. A May 2024 study by consumer financial services provider Bankrate found that 27 percent of American families have no emergency savings, and that 59 percent of Americans are uncomfortable with their level of emergency savings.  "If you don't have savings," notes Dave, "back-to-school shopping that may run into the hundreds of dollars can really derail your family budget and put you in a bad situation.  "At AmeriCash Loans, we identify with the concerns of American families that face financial difficulties," he adds. "And we're proud to be the dependable resource parents can turn to when they need cash in a hurry for important expenses such as back-to-school needs."  Making it easy to get the money you need, when you need it  AmeriCash Loans offers online convenience and in-store service for customers in Missouri, South Carolina and Wisconsin.  "We like to reduce the stress parents face," Dave says, "so the back-to-school shopping trip can be an enjoyable experience for the whole family.  "That's why we make it easy for families to get an installment loan up to $2,500," he continues. "Our application process is quick and confidential, and our customers can receive their funds the very same day.  "Customers can apply for a loan online through our website or they can stop into any of our convenient locations," Dave adds. "We make the whole process fast, simple and stress free."  Helping parents get young students off to a good start  "Mothers and fathers want their kids to start the academic year with the best chance for success," Dave notes, "and AmeriCash Loans is proud to offer lending solutions that help them afford the supplies, electronics and other necessities on their back-to-school lists.  "When sudden financial needs or unexpected expenses arise," he concludes, "AmeriCash Loans is always there for our customers."  About AmeriCash Loans  AmeriCash Loans, with online and in-store convenience for customers in Missouri, South Carolina and Wisconsin, offers financial services including installment loans up to $2,500, with a quick application and approval process. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513110/americash-loans-makes-back-to-school-shopping-as-easy-as-a-b-c)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1ejpbkq/americash_loans_offers_solutions_for_backtoschool/