# Exclusive Piercing Event at Chrono Jewelry in Santiago De Los Caballeros

DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, August 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Chrono Jewelry is thrilled to announce an exclusive Piercing Event on August 28, 2024, from 10:00 AM to 8:00 PM at their luxurious store in Santiago De Los Caballeros. This event promises a day of elegance, style, and exceptional savings for all attendees.  Guests will enjoy exclusive discounts on our exquisite piercing jewelry when they receive a piercing done in-store. This is a unique opportunity to enhance your personal style with earrings from Chrono Jewelry's stunning collection of fine jewelry, tailored to fit every discerning taste.  To complement this extraordinary event, Chrono will be offering refreshing drinks throughout the day, creating an atmosphere of sophistication and relaxation for their valued customers. Attendees will also have the exclusive opportunity to explore their latest Djula merchandise and other luxurious pieces from designers such as Zoe Chicco and more that are perfect for the summer season.  The Piercing Event is designed to provide a fabulous experience by combining exceptional service with a curated selection of the finest jewelry. Their expert team will be on hand in their Santiago De Los Caballeros to ensure that each piercing is performed with the utmost care and precision, using only the highest quality materials.  Join the fun at Chrono Jewelry on August 28, 2024, for a day of elegance, exceptional service, and exclusive discounts. Discover the perfect set of earrings to complement your style and make a lasting impression. Contact their Santiago De Los Caballeros jewelry store for more information about the event, their selection, and their professional jewelry services.  About Chrono Jewelry A passion, a source of inspiration and a defined vision determine who Arianne Medina is. An enterprising woman, without fear, who with just a little capital began to sell precious jewelry informally in a cozy space in her house at the beginning of 2001. Her vertical integration is the greatest strength of this young entrepreneur who, together with her husband Federico Grullón, who joined her at the beginning of 2005, form a dynamic duo. Since her founding Chrono Jewelry, the company has been run by her, who controls every stage of searching for the best precious gems to bring her customers unique designs of hers. Visit the lovely showroom in Santiago De Los Caballeros to experience exquisite jewelry and customer service. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513445/exclusive-piercing-event-at-chrono-jewelry-in-santiago-de-los-caballeros) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 