# Rogue wins SPACEWERX award for breakthrough in satellite-characterization upgrades

LACONIA, NH, August 15, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Rogue Space Systems Corporation has been selected by SpaceWERX, the innovation arm of the U.S. Space Force and a unique division within AFWERX, for a SBIR Phase II award, valued over $1M. This project will further our efforts towards characterization of Resident-Space-Objects (RSOs) for identification, classification, and diagnosis through our Contactless LAser Satellite Stethoscope (CLASS).   To complement (or enhance) our on-orbit remote identification and characterization sensor suite, Rogue is developing a laser vibrometer for contactless in-situ audio and harmonics diagnostics. CLASS will use a laser beam to measure electronic vibrations of spacecraft, using acoustical signatures to identify the spacecraft and even detect anomalies.   Rogue's CLASS technology will enhance and complement other remote sensors in characterizing the operational state and life of spacecraft. This elevated situational awareness will play a key role in global space initiatives such as space traffic management and the enhancement of situational awareness, as well as open new opportunities to monitor and service satellites.  "The ability to remotely detect and characterize space objects with their unique "heartbeats" offers a wholly new opportunity to assist with diagnosis and repairs," notes Rogue's CEO Jon Beam.  "Characterizing an RSO using laser vibrometry increases in domain situational awareness including who is operating and how they are operating.before or after," said Rogue Chief Operating Officer Brook Leonard.  For Rogue, CLASS represents another step along our technology roadmap, getting us closer to building our fleet of Orbots™ enabled by diverse client characterization. This will facilitate our in-space logistics services, made safer and more effective by our perceptual/autonomy system.   This award is another success story for the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) initiatives. The Air Force Research Laboratory and AFWERX have partnered to streamline the SBIR/STTR process by accelerating the small business experience through faster proposal-to-award timelines. The DAF began offering the Open Topic SBIR/STTR program in 2018 which expanded the range of innovations the DAF funded. Rogue's progress is a testament to the effectiveness of this approach.   The views expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Air Force, the Department of Defense, or the U.S. government.  About Rogue Space Systems Corporation Rogue Space Systems Corporation brings in-space infrastructure and logistics services to revolutionize humankind's productive and peaceful uses of space.  About SpaceWERX  As the innovation arm of the U.S. Space Force and a unique division within AFWERX, SpaceWERX inspires and empowers collaboration with innovators to accelerate capabilities and shape our future in space. Headquartered in Los Angeles, SpaceWERX employs 40 military, civilian and contractor personnel executing an annual $457 million budget. Additionally, SpaceWERX partners with Space Systems Command's Commercial Space Office (COMSO) as a collaborative program. Since it was aligned under AFRL in Aug. 2021, SpaceWERX has executed 1106 contracts worth more than $897 million to strengthen the U.S. defense industrial base and drive faster technology transition to operational capability. For more information, visit spacewerx.us.   About AFRL  The Air Force Research Laboratory is the primary scientific research and development center for the Department of the Air Force. AFRL plays an integral role in leading the discovery, development, and integration of affordable warfighting technologies for our air, space and cyberspace force. With a workforce of more than 12,500 across nine technology areas and 40 other operations across the globe, AFRL provides a diverse portfolio of science and technology ranging from fundamental to advanced research and technology development. For more information, visit afresearchlab.com.   About AFWERX  As the innovation arm of the DAF and a directorate within the Air Force Research Laboratory, AFWERX brings cutting-edge American ingenuity from small businesses and start-ups to address the most pressing challenges of the DAF. AFWERX employs approximately 325 military, civilian and contractor personnel at six hubs and sites executing an annual $1.4 billion budget. Since 2019, AFWERX has executed 4,697 new contracts worth more than $2.6 billion to strengthen the U.S. defense industrial base and drive faster technology transition to operational capability. For more information, visit: afwerx.com.   Company Press Contact: F. Brent Abbott CRO Brent.abbott@rogue.space 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513371/rogue-wins-spacewerx-award-for-breakthrough-in-satellite-characterization-upgrades)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1esoycc/rogue_space_systems_corporation_awarded_1m/