# Registration now officially open for Pacific Marine Expo, the West Coast's largest commercial marine trade show

SEATTLE, WA, July 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Featuring new Waves of Innovation, Pacific Marine Expo, the largest Commercial Marine Trade Show on the West Coast, announced today that registration is now open for this year's event, which will be held at Lumen Field Event Center in Seattle from Thursday, Nov. 20th through Friday, Nov. 22nd.  Register today for the 2024 Pacific Marine Expo at www.PacificMarineExpo.com.   "For more than 50 years, Pacific Marine Expo has been a catalyst for innovation in the commercial marine industry," said Bob Callahan, Group Vice President, Diversified Communications, which produces the show. "Thanks to new partnerships and innovative education programming, this year's Expo will be a must-do event for the entire fishing and commercial marine industry."  This year's Expo will feature:  •	WorkBoat West - A brand-new free educational program designed for shipyards, vessel owner-operators, and other commercial marine stakeholders. The International WorkBoat Show, also produced by Diversified, happens once a year in New Orleans. Bringing a taste of WorkBoat out west will help connect commercial fishermen to other commercial mariners through programming including Maritime Blue, all things shipyard, and military contracting.  •	The free Expo Education Program will cover topics such as marine safety, business management, regulatory issues, technical advancements, and more. The education program is designed to provide current and essential updates to the industry while offering an environment for open discussions and networking with other industry professionals.  •	Hundreds of exhibitors offering services in almost every commercial marine category and will feature the latest innovative technology, products, and services.  •	The Alaska Hall will again showcase exhibits dedicated to Alaskan products and services.  •	Expo Opening Night, daily happy hours, Coastal Challenge, special events, and more.  Last year's Expo attracted more than 5,000 industry leaders, who heard more than 30 industry speakers during the free Expo Education Program curated by National Fisherman.  Companies interested in exhibiting at Pacific Marine Expo should contact Kristin Luke, Sales Manager, at 207.842.5635 or kluke@divcom.com.   For more information, please visit www.PacificMarineExpo.com.  FOR FURTHER INFORMATION Lauren St. Clair, (207) 842-5420 Lstclair@divcom.com  Ken Saunderson, (206) 282-6858 Ken@SaundersonMarketingGroup.com  About Pacific Marine Expo Pacific Marine Expo is part of the Diversified Communications portfolio of commercial marine events, publications, and eMedia products. Pacific Marine Expo is the largest and longest-running marine and commercial fishing tradeshow on the West Coast and is held annually in Seattle. The Expo serves all aspects of the market, including commercial vessel owners, commercial fishermen, boatbuilders, workboat operators, and seafood processors. For further information, visit https://www.pacificmarineexpo.com.   About Diversified Communications Diversified Communications is a leading international media company with a portfolio of face-to-face exhibitions and conferences, online communities, and digital and print publications. As producers of these market-leading products Diversified Communications connects, educates, and strengthens business communities in over fourteen industries including: food and beverage, healthcare, natural and organic, business management and technology. Established in 1949 and headquartered in Portland, Maine, USA with divisions and offices around the world, Diversified Communications remains a privately held, third generation, family-owned business. For more information, visit www.divcom.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512844/registration-now-officially-open-for-pacific-marine-expo-the-west-coasts-largest-commercial-marine-trade-show)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1echvz6/registration_open_for_2024_pacific_marine_expo_in/