# Antique Jewelry is Popular at C. Blackburn Jewelers, La Jolla

SAN DIEGO, CA, April 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Antique jewelry is becoming increasingly popular at C. Blackburn Jewelers' estate jewelry store in La Jolla, CA. Owner Carl Blackburn, a 2nd generation California estate jeweler, says that jewelry shoppers have been especially interested in antique Art Deco jewelry.  "What is popular in fine jewelry comes in cycles," says Blackburn, "and what is interesting now is that here in the 2020s, we see more and more customers looking for antique Art Deco jewelry, when the Art Deco period coincidentally was getting into full swing during the 1920s."  Blackburn points out that Art Deco designs in fine jewelry never really went out of style. In fact, as a widely-recognized San Diego jewelry designer, Blackburn often has taken inspiration from the Art Deco period for his own jewelry designs over the past 25 years.  The difference now is that customers who want to buy jewelry for an anniversary gift, birthday present, or as a statement piece (such as a cocktail ring), often are actively looking for an original piece of antique jewelry — be it Art Deco, Edwardian, or Victorian — versus buying new fine jewelry inspired by one of these historical jewelry making periods.  "I think part of it is that in this fast changing world of ours, where so much of the past is being cast aside, people are seeking ways to honor those things in life that won't change," says Blackburn. "Giving a loved one a beautiful piece of antique jewelry, which has stood the test of time for a hundred years or more, is way to honor the permanence of your relationship, and the feelings that bond us forever to a person."  C. Blackburn Jewelers' showcases are stocked with vintage and antique jewelry that Carl Blackburn buys from customers who visit his store to sell estate jewelry. He also periodically visits the pawns shops and estate sales of San Diego County looking for unexpected treasures that have been overlooked. He focuses on buying and selling rare antique pieces that have been handcrafted in gold or platinum, and set with diamonds or fine gemstones.  According to Blackburn, fine jewelry shoppers also are increasingly interested in custom-made jewelry, which he sees as related to the increasing popularity of antique jewelry. "While mass market jewelry began to be made during the late 19th century, antique fine jewelry is noted for its exceptional hand-crafted artistry and design, just like we see in today's one-of-a-kind fine jewelry, such as custom engagement rings."  C. Blackburn Jewelers in La Jolla caters to both kinds of jewelry shoppers, as it operates both as an estate jewelry store, as well as a studio where Carl Blackburn meets with San Diego couples interested in designing a custom engagement ring, and with other clients who wish to have custom jewelry designed.  "My passion for antique jewelry is completely intertwined with my passion for creating custom jewelry," says Blackburn. "My interest in the history of antique jewelry fuels my design inspiration, while my work as a jewelry designer deepens my appreciation of the antique jewelry artisans of the past."  Visit CarlBlackburn.com to learn more. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510280/antique-jewelry-is-popular-at-c-blackburn-jewelers-la-jolla)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cfsrsq/antique_art_deco_jewelry_gains_popularity_at_c/