# THE GREAT GREEK MEDITERRANEAN GRILL LAUNCHES 'TASTE OF VICTORY' SWEEPSTAKES

WEST PALM BEACH, FL, April 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, a fast-casual Mediterranean restaurant serving authentic family recipes, is bringing the spirit of athletics – the thrill of competition, the joy of victory – to its dining experience with the launch of its 'Taste of Victory' sweepstakes. Now through June 16, 2024, participants living in markets where there is a Great Greek Mediterranean Grill location, can visit www.thegreatgreekgrill.com/tasteofvictory to enter to win one of three prizes, including:  •	Gold – Trip for Two to Greece: The grand prize winner will receive one (1) roundtrip for two to Athens, Greece where they will explore the birthplace of the world's leading sports competition. Valued at $8,799, the package includes flights; a hotel stay for 10 days, 9 nights; transport to/from any U.S. airport as well as transport to/from Athens International Airport; plus, a $1,000 cash gift card to use for extra expenses. •	Silver – Free Gyros for a Year: One (1) second-prize winner will win free gyros for a year from The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill, totaling 52 gyros (limit one per week). The Great Greek Gyro features beef/lamb or grilled chicken with lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, tzatziki, and feta. •	Bronze – $200 Gift Card: One (1) third-prize winner will receive a $200 gift card to The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill where they can enjoy timeless, classic Greek dishes prepared fresh daily using family recipes.  "Our 'Taste of Victory' sweepstakes represents everything we're about at The Great Greek – bringing authentic recipes and experiences to our customers and beyond," said Bob Andersen, President of The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill. "We're thrilled to be able to give a lucky winner the chance to go to Greece and discover all it has to offer and what makes us so passionate about what we do."  Sweepstakes entrants are limited to one (1) entry per person during the sweepstakes period, regardless of entry method. No purchase is necessary to enter or win; making a purchase or payment of any kind will not increase the chance of winning. The sweepstakes are open only to legal residents of the United States – excluding residents in the states of New York and Rhode Island – who, at the time of entry, are at least 18 years of age. There is a mail-in alternate method of entry. The odds of winning depend on the number of total entries. Potential prize winners will be selected on or about June 24, 2024 and must respond to the initial verification within 48 hours of notification. For full sweepstakes terms and conditions, visit www.thegreatgreekgrill.com/q2-terms.   The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill® is a part of the Big Flavor Brands™ foodservice division of United Franchise Group™ (UFG), the global leader for entrepreneurs with over 1600 franchises in more than 60 countries and 2500+ franchisees.  About The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill  The award winning Great Greek Mediterranean Grill® is a leading franchise within the Greek, Mediterranean, and Middle Eastern fast-casual restaurant industry, offering a vivacious and flavorful menu inspired by foods in the Mediterranean diet. Every dish is made fresh, in-house from authentic recipes passed down generation after generation. Co-founded by two culinary trained, third-generation restauranteurs, Nick A. Della Penna and Trent Jones, The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill is an affiliated brand of United Franchise Group™, the global leader for entrepreneurs. For more information about The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill locations, menu and catering visit www.thegreatgreekgrill.com and for franchise information, visit www.thegreatgreekfranchise.com.  About Big Flavor Brands Big Flavor Brands™ specializes in franchises dedicated to creative eating, offering a zesty menu of fast-growing, award-winning food brands with a proven track record of success. From fast-casual restaurants with authentic third-generation recipes like The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, to specialty concepts like the grazing innovator and charcuterie board caterer Graze Craze®, and the super-fast, fresh Italian experience of Cannoli Kitchen Pizza®, Big Flavor Brands dominate their niches with quality, value, and tasty fare for every occasion. Big Flavor Brands represents the food division of United Franchise Group™ which is comprised of innovative concepts pushing the boundaries with an unwavering commitment to quality, variety, and the pursuit of joyful eating. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510424/the-great-greek-mediterranean-grill-launches-taste-of-victory-sweepstakes)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cfsrwb/win_a_trip_to_greece_and_free_gyros_for_a_year/