# 30A TV Announces Amazing "Dream Beach Wedding" Sweepstakes

SANTA ROSA BEACH, FL, August 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Valued at Over $7,000 – Including a $3,000 Jewelry Package from McCaskill & Company Fine Jewelry.  30A TV, a premier resource for all things related to the beautiful beaches of South Walton Florida, is thrilled to announce an extraordinary opportunity for couples to win the wedding of their dreams with the "30A TV Dream Beach Wedding Sweepstakes." This sweepstakes offers a grand prize package valued at over $7,000 and includes a luxurious wedding vacation experience like no other.  Grand Prize Details:  $3,000 Jewelry Package from McCaskill & Company Fine Jewelry: Choose from a stunning selection of fine jewelry to complement your special day. 4-Night Stay at By The Sea Resorts: Enjoy four nights of beachfront bliss at one of the most beautiful resorts on the beach. Step back in time with one of Panama City Beach's original hangouts: Chateau Beachfront Resort, sitting on nearly 500 feet of pristine beachfront property.  Elope PCB Wedding Package: A complete wedding package that includes everything you need for a memorable ceremony. Dinner at Barefoot Restaurants: Dinner is included at one of Panama City Beach's beachfront dining establishments.  "We are so excited to reveal this package," said Kevin Miller, Director of Business Development for 30A Media and 30A TV. "We want to thank our wonderful sponsors and expect many entries, hoping to make some lovely couple's dream wedding come true."  How to Enter: Entering the sweepstakes is easy and free! Simply visit www.30A.US to submit your entry. Increase your chances of winning by using our "Refer a Friend" and social media share options. Each referral and social media share gives you additional entries into the sweepstakes.  No Purchase Necessary: Participation in this sweepstakes does not require any purchase. The sweepstakes is open to eligible participants as per the official rules and regulations. Void where prohibited.  About 30A TV: 30A TV broadcasts 20 channels of engaging content, syndicated in 30+ local, regional and national platforms. As the leading media source in the 30A region, providing comprehensive coverage of local events, news, and entertainment. Our mission is to showcase the beauty and vibrancy of the 30A and Emerald Coast community. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513106/30a-tv-announces-amazing-dream-beach-wedding-sweepstakes) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 