# Landing Rock Cash Management Introduces Special Certificates of Deposit

PASADENA, CA, August 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Landing Rock Group LLC ("Landing Rock"), an affiliate of Double Rock Corp., today announced the success of its pilot program for special CDs and odd-term CDs, which will now be incorporated into the regular CD offerings. "The Landing Rock CD Marketplace continues to grow, and this year our customers are benefiting from CD specials and odd-month CDs," said Landing Rock Senior Vice President, Robert Bent.  "In May of this year, the Wall Street Journal highlighted certificates of deposit with 'unusual terms' offering higher than average market rates to consumers. Similarly, Landing Rock has observed banks and credit unions nationwide presenting better rates with special and odd month CDs," stated Bruce Bent II, President. "Landing Rock provides hundreds of CDs from banks and credit unions nationwide, updated twice daily. With the current market buzz about the Federal Reserve Bank potentially reducing interest rates before the end of 2024, we've noticed a trend of customers seeking to lock in higher rates for longer periods by purchasing more CDs."  Odd month CDs, also known as "odd duration" or "odd term" CDs, feature terms of 7, 8, or 13 months, in contrast to the typical 3, 6, 9, and 12-month maturities. Banks and credit unions often offer these odd terms to attract new deposits without affecting existing customers who have CDs with standard terms. Landing Rock offers CDs ranging from 3 months to 10 years, with options for interest payments at maturity or monthly. Opening a Landing Rock Insured Deposit Account online allows customers to view and purchase certificates of deposit easily.  Landing Rock Group LLC is an online cash management provider to direct customers such as individuals, institutions, large corporations, small businesses, and non-profit organizations, as well as financial advisors and their clients. Landing Rock is an affiliate of Double Rock Corporation, a leading cash management, financial technologies, and intellectual property company providing some of the world's most innovative cash management and cash-related solutions to multiple industries. Potential customers are advised to read Landing Rock's Terms and Conditions before investing.  Related Link: https://landingrock.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513080/landing-rock-cash-management-introduces-special-certificates-of-deposit) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 