# Easy Dynamics CEO Poupak Afshar Named as a Finalist for SECAF's Executive of the Year Award

MCLEAN, VA, April 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Easy Dynamics is thrilled to announce that Poupak Afshar, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), has been named a finalist for Executive of the Year at the 16th Annual Small and Emerging Contractors Advisory Forum (SECAF) Awards. Winners will be announced at the Awards Gala in May. The event honors small and emerging government contractors and the players in the industry that rely on these businesses.   Poupak is a finalist for The Executive of the Year ($25M to $50M) category. The category recognizes an individual from the Washington, DC region with an extraordinary commitment to their company and employees, and to the government contracting community. Her nomination is a testament to her exemplary leadership and dedication to driving innovation and success at Easy Dynamics. Under Poupak's guidance, Easy Dynamics has achieved significant milestones, delivering cutting-edge technology solutions and services to government agencies while maintaining an unwavering commitment to people, integrity, service, and excellence.  "I am deeply honored to be nominated for the SECAF Executive of the Year Award," said Poupak Afshar. "This nomination reflects the hard work and dedication of the entire Easy Dynamics team. I am incredibly proud of what we have accomplished together and grateful for the opportunity to lead such a talented and passionate team. I would not be a finalist in this category without Team Easy Dynamics."   "We are thrilled to see Poupak Afshar recognized for her outstanding leadership and contributions to the industry," said Abigail Whiffen Arney, Chief People Officer of Easy Dynamics. "Her strategic vision and unwavering commitment to excellence and the company's people have been instrumental in driving Easy Dynamics' growth and success. We congratulate Poupak on this well-deserved nomination."   The SECAF Executive of the Year Award winners and others will be announced at the 16th Annual SECAF Awards Gala on May 2, 2024. Easy Dynamics extends its best wishes to Poupak Afshar and all the nominees.  About Easy Dynamics  Easy Dynamics Corporation is a leading technology services provider with a core focus in Cybersecurity, Cloud Computing, and Information Sharing. We are builders, problem solvers, and trusted advisors who bring well-architected solutions and management consulting to our clients to align them with the best practices their missions demand. As industry leaders, we are committed to delivering unparalleled quality and service in all aspects of our organization and providing our customers with outstanding technical excellence and the business acumen to advise them on both tactical and strategic initiatives.   About The 16th Annual SECAF Awards Gala  The 16th Annual SECAF Awards Gala is the premier commemorative event honoring the small and emerging government contractors and the players in the ecosystem that rely on small business. The event will be held at the Awards Gala on Thursday, May 2, 2024. For more information, visit here.   About The Small and Emerging Contractors Advisory Forum  For more than 20 years, the Small and Emerging Contractors Advisory Forum (SECAF) has empowered government contractors to scale and succeed. SECAF is comprised of the senior leaders from active government contractors and established service providers. Members have access to the connections, events, education, tools and resources needed to stay on top of industry trends, win government contracts, and experience exponential growth. For more information, visit www.secaf.org 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510151/easy-dynamics-ceo-poupak-afshar-named-as-a-finalist-for-secafs-executive-of-the-year-award) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 