# Global MX Welcomes Shellie Lewis as Director MX Sales

ALLENTOWN, PA, April 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Global MX, a leading Part 145 repair station based in Hazleton, PA, proudly announces the addition of industry veteran Shellie Lewis in the role of Director MX Sales.  Lewis brings over 35 years of aviation experience and expertise to the Global MX team. In his previous positions Lewis worked with companies including Gulfstream Aerospace, Leucadia Aviation, and Leviate Air Group.  As Director MX Sales, Lewis will focus on developing relationships and pairing client needs with the maintenance services of the Global MX Part 145 Repair station.  "I'm looking forward to this new adventure. The Global MX staff is an incredible group of people dedicated to service and solutions for our clients. I'm thrilled to be a part of the team."  As Global MX continues to grow, the contribution of a seasoned industry veteran like Lewis plays a critical role both outside and inside the company.  "One of the greatest assets we have as a company resides in our people. The wealth of knowledge and commitment Shellie brings to the table sets the stage for great things to come as we continue to grow and expand our maintenance capabilities," said parent company Global Air Charters CEO Michael Vanacore-Netz.  Global MX (GMX) is the aircraft maintenance division of Global Air Charters (GAC).  GMX is a Part 145 Repair Station providing a one-stop destination for all aircraft maintenance, repairs, avionics, and upgrade needs. GMX proudly upholds the most stringent safety procedures in private aviation to give each aircraft the personalized care and attention it deserves. For more information about Global MX, please visit gmx.aero.  Global Air Charters specializes in full-service aviation solutions for every facet of private air travel, from single charter flights to airframe management, brokerage, sales and acquisition. Our world-class service and industry expertise remove any uncertainty or stress from your journey. For more information about Global Air Charters, please visit gac.aero. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510145/global-mx-welcomes-shellie-lewis-as-director-mx-sales)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1c6x8y8/industry_veteran_shellie_lewis_joins_global_mx_as/