# TOMY International Gives Back to their Communities

OAK BROOK, IL, April 18, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Throughout the first quarter of this year, employees from TOMY International offices across the US, UK, Europe and Australia volunteered days of service – inspired by Martin Luther King, Jr., National Day of Service and inclusivity ambitions overall. The company has a long history of gathering teams together to support the community and take part in important observances.  Across ten offices from Dyersville, Iowa to Exeter in the UK, TOMY International supported causes close to the heart of its employees. In addition to their time, they also provided a monetary donation to each of the charities, as well as other worthy causes, including The Toy Foundation in the US and Toy Trust and Children in Need Day in the UK. In total, TOMY International donated $75,000.  "Our employees chose to support local charities that focused on children or families with young children," said Greg Kilrea, President of TOMY international. "These volunteer and donation events are consistent with our mission to Make the World Smile. Enhancing the lives of children across the globe is what TOMY is about."  Here's a look at activity across the US and abroad: Oak Brook, IL –Hosted Big Brothers Big Sisters of Metropolitan Chicago and taught kids about toy design, including having them make one of their own.  Dyersville, IA – Conducted a food drive and office contest promoted as "Caroling for Cans" to support the Rural Community Food Pantry.  Canton, MA – Volunteered at Cradles to Crayons where they checked, sorted, packaged and prepared goods for kids.  Tempe, AZ – Supported UMOM with a monetary donation to support its mission of ending family homelessness by restoring hope and rebuilding lives.  Omaha, NE – Sponsored the Team Jack Foundation's annual gala that raises money for research and advocacy for pediatric brain cancer.  Exeter, UK – Cleaned up the garden at a children's hospice facility, Little Bridge House.  Brooklands, UK –Built tap dancing boards and painted murals at The Jam Place, a community center/dance school for children with special educational needs.   Germany – Brought toys to local children's hospital specializing in childhood cancer.   France – Visited local children's hospitals to donate toys.  Australia – Donated sensory bundles of toys to special needs babies.  "We believe it is important to give back, not just financially but with our time as well. We're inspired by these charities and their acts of service and are hopeful our participation will motivate others," added Kilrea.  About TOMY: TOMY International (www.tomy.com) is a leading global designer, producer, and marketer of a broad range of innovative, high-quality toys sold to preschoolers, youths and adults under the TOMY® and Ertl® brands as well as products for parents, infants and toddlers marketed under Lamaze®, The First Years®, JJ Cole® Collections and Boon® brands. TOMY International's mission is to make the world smile. TOMY International reaches its target consumers through multiple channels of distribution supporting more than 25,000 retail outlets throughout North and South America, Europe and Australia. TOMY International is a wholly owned subsidiary of Japan-based TOMY Company, Ltd. (Tokyo Stock Exchange Code No. 7867). © TOMY. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510123/tomy-international-gives-back-to-their-communities) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 