# COLLEGE HUNKS HAULING JUNK AND MOVING® PROMOTES MATT KNAPP TO VICE PRESIDENT

TAMPA, FL, May 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving®, an award-winning company and industry leader in stress-free solutions for moving and junk-hauling needs, recently promoted Matt Knapp to Vice President of Technical Product and Client Experience. He previously served as Director of Product.  "Building leaders is part of our core values and we are delighted to promote Matt as he continues to grow within our organization. Matt is an accomplished leader in tech and product management and his new role will allow us to further tap into his amazing talents and vision," said Nick Friedman, Co-Founder and Visionary for College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving®. "This promotion, alongside the recent formation of a Senior Leadership Team, further speaks to our commitment to strengthening our organization and positioning our enterprise for further expansion and evolution."  Matt Knapp joined College HUNKS in 2013 as an intern and quickly distinguished himself with his innate talent and unwavering dedication. He experienced a meteoric rise within the organization, where he assumed increasingly pivotal roles that culminated in his new position as Vice President.  During his tenure with College HUNKS, one of Knapp's most significant contributions was the development of an internal software application from scratch. This comprehensive system serves as the backbone of the company's operations, managing everything from incoming leads and lead management to scheduling jobs and facilitating on-site client services for franchise partners.  "Matt's visionary leadership and technical expertise have been instrumental to our organization, and his efforts have helped revolutionize the way College HUNKS operates," added Friedman.  Matt Knapp was recognized by the Tampa Bay Business Journal with the prestigious CIO of the Year title in 2019. This award spotlights his commitment to excellence and transformative leadership along with his unparalleled contributions to the field of information technology and his unwavering dedication to driving success.  "I have spent more than a decade with College HUNKS and am honored to step into this new role to move us toward a very exciting future through innovation, fostering a culture of excellence, and continuing to deliver unparalleled value to our clients," said Matt Knapp, Vice President of Technical Product and Client Experience for College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving®.  To learn more about College HUNKS, including franchising opportunities, visit www.collegehunkshaulingjunk.com.  About College HUNKS Hauling Junk and Moving College HUNKS Hauling Junk & Moving® was originally founded by two college buddies with a beat-up cargo van and now has more than 200 franchises providing full-service tech-enabled residential and commercial moving, junk removal, donation pickups, and labor services in the United States as well as Canada. H.U.N.K.S., which stands for Honest, Uniformed, Nice, Knowledgeable, Service, is a socially conscious, values-based organization and has a national partnership with U.S. Hunger, which strives to end childhood hunger. The brand was awarded the Community Hero award by U.S. Hunger in 2022. The company strives to become recognized as an iconic brand, renowned for its world-class company culture and service, while also providing a viable employment and franchise opportunity to pursue personal and professional fulfillment.  For more information, visit www.collegehunkshaulingjunk.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510760/college-hunks-hauling-junk-and-moving-promotes-matt-knapp-to-vice-president)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1cpq76j/college_hunks_promotes_matt_knapp_to_vice/