# Huddle House Expands Catering Program to More Communities

ATLANTA, GA, May 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Huddle House, serving freshly prepared, home-style food since 1964, continues to meet customers where they are in their lives with the expansion of its catering program. Powered by ezCater, a leading provider of corporate food solutions, the new program makes catering effortless and cost-effective. The program is available now at select Huddle House locations where guests can enjoy a wide selection of delicious and flavorful meals.   "We are thrilled to expand our catering program and bring it to more local communities as it offers convenience and value to our guests," said Jorge Pederzini, Vice President of Marketing for Huddle House. "As a number of our restaurants are in small towns, we are proud to offer this new service to support our neighbors' special events and gatherings of all sizes and occasions at a great value convenience. Access to such a reliable program will be a game changer for many of the area families, schools, and businesses."   Huddle House Catering features a wide menu crafted by the brand's chefs and was designed to offer large-scale servings of signature favorites that can be packed to travel well. The catering menu offers home-style breakfast, lunch, and dinner options that satisfy various tastes. Access for placing catering orders can be found directly at the Huddle House website.   Guests can also save $20 off any Huddle House catering order by spending $100 or more using code "Save 20." This offer is valid now until December 31, 2024.   To learn more about placing a catering order and to view Huddle House's menu, visit the link here.  About Huddle House  All Day, Your Way. Huddle House shares that spirit of hometown togetherness, creating that warm atmosphere where everyone feels welcome. Huddle House has been serving freshly prepared, quality home-style food since 1964. We're the champions of enjoying big without spending big because at Huddle House, flavor, fun, and value always go hand in hand.   Huddle House Inc. is an Ascent Hospitality Management brand with nearly 300 locations open or in development. It has been named one of the Top 200+ Franchises by Franchise Times, ranked among Thrillist's list of "Regional Breakfast Chains that Should Be Everywhere," and named a Top 500 Chain Restaurant by Restaurant Business.   To learn more about Huddle House franchise opportunities, visit huddlehousefranchising.com and for more information about the brand, visit huddlehouse.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newlive.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510737/huddle-house-expands-catering-program-to-more-communities)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cpq795/huddle_house_expands_catering_program_in/