# Bixal Welcomes Malcolm Harden as New Senior Vice President of Consulting Services

FAIRFAX, VA, August 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bixal is excited to announce the hiring of Malcolm Harden as our Sr. Vice President of Consulting Services. He brings to Bixal his extraordinarily diverse and successful background in strategic operations and business development.   In the past, Malcolm has held several senior positions at thriving firms like Safal Partners, CGI Inc, and Microsoft Corporation, providing leadership in revenue growth, strategic partnerships, and large-scale innovation programs. This extensive background makes him a tremendous addition to our executive team and a significant asset for Bixal's clients and our broad scope of work supporting them in delivering better services and experiences to the communities they serve. Malcolm currently serves as Chair of ACT-IAC (American Council for Technology – Industry Advisory Council), a position to which he was elected in 2023.   With over 30 years of experience in technology and business growth, Malcolm has consistently demonstrated his exceptional ability to lead high-performing teams, develop strategic business initiatives, and deliver outstanding results. His extensive background in federal contracting and IT thought leadership will be a tremendous asset to Bixal and our clients.   Bixal CEO and Co-Founder Carla Briceno commented, "We're thrilled to have Malcolm join us. He brings a wealth of both experience and expertise that we know will prove invaluable as we work towards our vision of a future where governments and organizations embrace data, technology, and human-centered practices to improve the lives of all the people they serve."   In his new role, Malcolm will oversee the development and implementation of innovative consulting strategies, ensuring that our services align with client needs and market trends. He will lead our Consulting team, collaborate closely with Strategic Growth, drive operational excellence, and join us in fostering a culture of continuous improvement and client-centric service delivery.   "I'm thrilled to join this fast-growing organization," Malcolm said upon joining Bixal, "and look forward to collaborating with the outstanding team Carla has assembled. Bixal's mission to help governments and organizations be more efficient, effective, and impactful resonates deeply with me, and its passion for delivering positive results that improve lives is one I've always shared. Our future is bright! "  At Bixal, we lead human-centered digital transformation and global solutions that drive equity, sustainability, and social good. We leverage technology, communications, data, and human-centered design to help governments and organizations be more efficient, effective, and impactful. For more information, visit our website at https://www.bixal.com/. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513811/bixal-welcomes-malcolm-harden-as-new-senior-vice-president-of-consulting-services)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Leadership_Management/comments/1f2azh8/bixal_welcomes_malcolm_harden_as_sr_vice/