# Self Esteem And Resilience For Women: The Glass Ceiling Can Be Shattered Says Bestselling Author, Award Winning Film Maker Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein

WILMINGTON, NC, August 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The phrase "glass ceiling" describes the invisible barrier that prevents women from advancing to the highest levels of their professions. Despite making up nearly half of the workforce, women have historically been poorly represented in leadership roles across many industries. However, throughout history, there have been many women who have broken through this barrier and paved the way for others to follow. Visionary psychologist Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein is one of those who have broken through that glass ceiling and now encourages others to do the same.  In 1932, Hattie Wyatt Caraway became the first woman elected to the United States Senate. She had been appointed to the position following the death of her husband, but she went on to win the special election in her own right, serving a total of six years in the Senate. Indra Nooyi became the CEO of PepsiCo, making her one of the most powerful women in business. Under her leadership, PepsiCo's revenue grew by more than 80%, and she was consistently ranked among the world's most powerful women. These examples demonstrate that times are changing. We are witnesses to history, as Kamala Harris has now been chosen as the Democratic presidential nominee. The time for breaking through that glass ceiling is long past according to bestselling author and award-winning film maker Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein. In a recent article she wrote the following:  The Enchanted Self is all about helping women and girls come into their own, resilient and with great self esteem, in every aspect of life. I'm so excited as there has never been a moment in our country where women have stood this close to every threshold imaginable for women. The glass ceiling is disappearing in every aspect of work from being a senator to running a farm or a large factory or any other job a woman desires. In fact this is the moment my own dad talked to me about when I was 6. He came into my bedroom where I was playing with a toy firehouse that he had assembled for me and said 'I want you to know that you can grow up and become whoever you want to be, even the president of the United States. It will happen when you are alive. I never forgot that moment.  So here we are women and girls. We have the vote, that's a given and soon we may have the White House. So what does that mean for us? How do we women and girls develop ourselves so that we can be the best we can be in terms of potential being utilized? How do we get there? That's where the Enchanted Self can be so helpful. The Enchanted Self can help by helping you recognise your talents, interests and your untapped potential. Try this today. Take a piece of paper and fold it in three parts. On one list your interests. On the next list your talents, all the way back to childhood. On the third list what you think is your real potential in life. What is your special blueprint to bring to the world? Put the paper in your purse and look at it daily for a week. Keep adding more as thoughts come up. At the end of the week look at your lists. Now think about how you, in this amazing world we are in,where a woman can become President, how can you utilize your potential? What can you achieve over the next few years? What help do you need?  More information is available at http://www.theenchantedself.com.  Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein is a visionary psychologist and filmmaker whose unprecedented selfie films have garnered over 200 placements and awards. Her singular vision is to help girls build resilience, self-esteem, and discover their own talents, abilities, and self-worth. Dr. Holstein has spent decades developing tools and techniques to help girls enhance self esteem and resilience. One of those tools, a workbook for girls titled, 'Looking Good, Feeling Good', achieved bestseller status, an honor that many of her other books have achieved. The ebook hit the top of the Teen and Young Adult Self Esteem eBooks.  In this workbook, Each girl is offered an engaging opportunity to develop her creative talents and potential as she processes and better understands the angst of growing up and how it can be successfully handled. She can bring her own talents to her thoughts and responses to the issues presented which will further take her along a road of enhanced resilience and better self esteem. She can share her creative thoughts and answer questions, and even create poetry, start a play, draw a picture, or she can get out her phone and use it as a diary, or a means of sharing ideas about growing up with a friend, her mom or grandma. Or she can actually make selfie films with her phone which can be a great enhancer for self esteem and sharing one's creative talents.  She has also announced the release of a new selfie film series. The new series includes 7 films:  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 1. The Truth - A Short Film A young girl shares her diary - falling in love, hating her mother, hating her parents fighting, being afraid to grow up, being upset that they may move, loving the locket her aunt gives her and feeling loved in ways by her aunt that her parents can't seem to muster, wishing the boy she is in love with would grow taller, confronting her disappointment that she has no relationship with him, sharing her glee at having a best friend and confiding in each other, coming to terms with growing up, letting go of her first love, getting ready to move and more.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 2. Falling In Love - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film A young teen talks to 'you' via Selfies on her smart phone. In these conversations the girl shares her loneliness moving, losing her best friend, her beginning friendships with new kids, and her realization that she has fallen in love again.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 3. Secrets - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film Based on Secrets, Diary of a Gutsy Tween, this 10 minute film takes the audience on the complicated roller coaster ride of being 13. The 'girl' hates her parents, falls in love, has puberty and body concerns, realizes that secrets matter and finds herself in a miserable accidental situation. But all ends on an upbeat note with the girl realizing she is most in touch with happiness and a sense of joy when she is being true to herself.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 4. Conflict And A Bit Of Magic - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film The 'Girl' is traumatized by being ditched by a boyfriend, a bully, alcohol and kids taking drugs. Who can understand and help her? Maybe her aunt, who she gets to visit. A seance with a Medium in which the 'girl's' great-grandmother comes through gives her the courage she needs to ask her mom questions and in turn to learn some family secrets.  Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 5. The Medium - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film The girl, unhappy, goes to visit a favorite aunt who takes her to see a medium. The girl's great grandmother is channeled in and changes happen for the better. Was this real of a set-up? Does that matter?  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 6. Truth Is Stranger Than Fiction - A Coming Of Age Selfie Film Two traumatic events structure the 'Girl's' high school year: a lockdown and a family secret. She is shocked yet manages to recover and to understand the importance and value of family and the complexity of truth.  Self Esteem And Resilience Series - Video 7. Lockdown Three teens find themselves in the girls' bathroom during a lock down in school. Each respond emotionally differently. All are affected.  All the films are available at https://vimeo.com/showcase/10863899, and on the Roku channel, The Enchanted Self Presents.  Dr. Holstein hopes to bring parents, teachers, librarians, grandparents and media together to accomplish one goal: Change in the lives of young people who suffer from anxiety and a growing sense of hopelessness and despair.  Dr. Holstein wraps Positive Psychology concepts in forms of media that young people find engaging, relatable and inspiring. These include:  Five bestselling, award-winning books (perfect for school libraries)  Five self-esteem workbooks for girls 8 and up  Award-winning films and coming of age selfie films  Podcasts  Dedicated websites  Stage plays  A library of articles  Ted-style talks  As a school psychologist and in her private practice, Dr. Holstein has worked with many children and parents, helping them to develop life skills in decision-making, recognition of their own talents, feel more courageous, and helping both kids and parents develop more successful inter-generational skills. Her last book, 'Conflict and a Bit of Magic', helps kids build self-esteem though reading the journal of a girl, identifying with the girl, and understanding they have more courage and resiliency than they thought they had. The book is based on the experiences of the already famous "girl" from 'The Truth, Diary of a Gutsy Tween' and 'Secrets, Diary of a Gutsy Teen', and achieved bestseller status in the multi-generational families category.  Dr. Holstein's workbook for kids, 'Secrets' also achieved bestseller status in the 'Teen & Young Adult Nonfiction on Depression' category.  Dr. Holstein's cutting-edge presentations, most recently based on the Covid-19 pandemic issues, can be found on both YouTube, Vimeo and on the Roku channel and Amazon Fire TV, titled as 'The Enchanted Self Presents'.  Dr. Holstein is available for media interviews and can be reached using the information below or by email at barbara.holstein@gmail.com.More information about the Selfie Showcase is available at http://www.selfiefilmmakers.com. Selfie videos and selfie films can be uploaded at the site. Potential podcast guests can contact Dr. Holstein by email. More information is available at her primary website at http://www.enchantedself.com.  Profile:  Dr. Barbara Becker Holstein, internationally known Positive Psychologist is the creator of The Enchanted Self ®, a positive psychology method for happiness and a pioneer in Selfies as Film. Dr. Holstein's Enchanted Self website was included as one of the best websites in positive psychology. She is in private practice in Long Branch, New Jersey with her husband, Dr. Russell M. Holstein.  Dr. Barbara can be found on the web, interviewed, writing articles and posting video 'TED' style talks on Happiness, Positive Psychology, Relationships and Parenting. Her Roku channel is: The Enchanted Self Presents.  She has been a contributor to Your Tango, Heart and Soul, The Philadelphia Inquirer, Honey Good, Cosmopolitan Magazine, Redbook, Real Simple, Women's World, The Wall Street Journal, Psychcentral.com, Time online, Readers Digest, Parade, the Today Show and Family Circle Magazine. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513772/self-esteem-and-resilience-for-women-the-glass-ceiling-can-be-shattered-says-bestselling-author-award-winning-film-maker-dr-barbara-becker-holstein)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1f2ayic/dr_barbara_becker_holstein_encourages_women_and/