# The 1st AI Semiconductor Technology Talent Contest

SAN FRANCISCO, CA, August 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The National IT Industry Promotion Agency (NIPA) and the Korea Association for ICT Promotion (KAIT) hold the 1st AI Semiconductor Technology Talent Contest」 to discover and hire SW engineers, establishing a position as a technology leader.  Although the South Korean AI semiconductor industry is showing rapid growth, companies are complaining of great difficulties in supplying and receiving the manpower necessary for technological innovation and strengthening market competitiveness. To address this situation, NIPA and KAIT announced that they will hold the 1st AI Semiconductor Technology Talent Contest with the support of South Korea's Ministry of Science and ICT.  The competition aims to discover talent in the SW engineering field and recruit them to major AI semiconductor companies in Korea. The South Korea Semiconductor Engineering Association and the South Korea AI Semiconductor Collaboration Forum will form a jury to foster key human resources that can contribute to technological innovation and development and support companies in recruiting the customized human resources they need.  Anyone with Korean nationality who is interested in the AI semiconductor industry can participate, and the competition will consist of four categories: "Mobile Edge," "Server," "Semiconductor Design," and "sLLM·sLM." The competition will select teams through the first document screening, starting with applications on August 12, and the first winner will be selected at the awards ceremony after the final presentation evaluation in December.  Eleven South Korean AI semiconductor companies, including Nextchip, DEEPX, Rebelion, Mangoboost, SAPEON, OPENEDGES Technology, UXfactory, Telechips, FuriosaAI, Future Design System, and HYPER ACCEL will participate in this competition to present problems directly to participants and evaluate their ability to solve them. Participating companies will provide participants with opportunities to gain hands-on experience through challenges in actual industrial sites.  Participants must plan and implement ideas that can solve the topics presented by the companies. The selected competition teams will be evaluated on their planning and implementation capabilities in the final presentation evaluation. Nine teams will be selected as winners.  The competition will last for four months. At the award ceremony in December, certificates and 160 million won in awards will be presented (The first-place team (1 team) - 40 million won, the second-place team (4 teams) - 20 million won each, and the third-place team (4 teams) - 10 million won each).  Competition teams will have opportunities to link employment with 10 companies, regardless of whether they win or not. Various support programs such as 'Online briefing sessions (August 19)', 'Mentoring with demanding companies (September to December)', and 'Professional employment consulting (December)' will also be held.  Wantreez Music Co., Ltd. and Youngsoo Industry Co., Ltd. are dedicated to delivering exceptional event and VIP management services. Founded in 2011, Wantreez Music Co., Ltd. was established with the vision of transforming customer needs into desires within the music industry. In 2023, Youngsoo Industry Co., Ltd. was launched as a joint venture specializing in event management and VIP tours.  Together, we provide professional solutions and operational services for a variety of events, performances, and contests, ensuring that our clients' needs are met with the highest standards of excellence. We look forward to your continued support as we strive to exceed expectations in every project we undertake. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/513768/the-1st-ai-semiconductor-technology-talent-contest)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/eventNews/comments/1f2ayri/1st_ai_semiconductor_technology_talent_contest_to/