# D & M Tattoo Studio Now Open for Service at the Salon and Spa Galleria Weisenberger in Fort Worth, Texas

FORT WORTH, TX, May 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Professional tattoo artists Timothy "Pnut" Doyle and Kryzia "Lusty" Miranda proudly announce the opening of D and M Tattoo Studio, located in the Salon and Spa Galleria Weisenberger in Fort Worth, Texas.   "Art has always been our calling," Doyle said. "Whether it's drawing, painting or airbrushing, we truly enjoy expressing our love for art through tattoos." The pair specializes in all types of tattoo styles, including black and gray, traditional, and cover-ups, which require a healthy balance of talent and creativity.  With more than 30 years of apprenticeship, art knowledge, and experience between the two, it's clear that Doyle and Miranda have what it takes to keep the customers satisfied. In addition to realizing the importance of providing a comfortable environment, they also strive to make certain each and every client is pleased with their work.  "It's our goal to ensure our clients are fully pleased with the entire experience," Miranda said. "Especially the art they visualize," she added. To achieve this, Doyle and Miranda work closely with all their clients to customize each piece.  D and M Tattoo Studio is currently accepting new clients. To celebrate the studio's opening, the first 40 customers who mention this press release will receive a 30-percent discount. Walk-ins are welcome, and appointments can be made by calling or texting Doyle at (682) 408-8018, or Miranda at (714) 716-3348.  Visit Doyle's Instagram page to see examples of his work. To learn more about Miranda's work, check out her Instagram page.   D and M Tattoo Studio in the Salon and Spa Galleria Weisenberger is conveniently located near Sundance Square, Camp Bowie, Westover Hills, University Park, and downtown Fort Worth. There is plenty of free parking for customers, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.   About D and M Tattoo Studio Located inside the Salon and Spa Galleria Weisenberger in Fort Worth, Texas, D and M Tattoo Studio offers professional tattoos and microblading services.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With more than 22 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental facilities. To inquire about space for rent in the Salon and Spa Galleria Weisenberger, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511185/d-m-tattoo-studio-now-open-for-service-at-the-salon-and-spa-galleria-weisenberger-in-fort-worth-texas)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/RealEstate_NewsRamp/comments/1d2dj0b/professional_tattoo_artists_open_d_and_m_tattoo/