# Rockpoint Legal Funding Announces Survivors Speak: Catastrophic Injuries That Change Lives Scholarship for 2024

LOS ANGELES, CA, May 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Rockpoint Legal Funding understands how today's catastrophic accidents can leave survivors with more bills than they can pay. Students don't deserve to have debt from essential medical treatments stop them from chasing their academic dreams.   The team wants to help students facing those financial woes overcome them and pursue the education they deserve. As such, undergraduate and graduate students alike will have the opportunity to apply for Rockpoint Legal Funding's Survivors Speak: Catastrophic Injuries That Change Lives Scholarship ahead of the 2024/25 academic year.  This scholarship promises its winning student $2,500 in financial support. Students interested in applying for this financial aid must create comprehensive video essays answering the following questions:  - Have you experienced an accident that temporarily permanently changed the way you or a loved one physically interact with the world around you? - How did you overcome the challenges involved in living with your injuries? - What hardships did you face throughout your recovery? - How did your accident shape you into the person you are today? - What advice would you give your younger self?  Applicants have until October 15, 2024, to complete their essays. Rockpoint Legal Funding encourages students to use video editing software, including Adobe Creative Cloud or KdenLive, to create clean cuts or add stock footage to their work. However, the team will give equal consideration to unedited and edited video essays.  Any usage of AI platforms to automatically generate videos and the use of fake actors without appearing in their own videos is strictly prohibited and will lead to automatic disqualification.  Rockport Legal Funding's scholarship selection committee reserves up to three months after the scholarship's closing date to select a winner. The winner can expect to hear from Rockport Legal Funding by email before the team shares its decision online.  The Rockport Legal Funding team wishes its scholarship applicants the best of luck composing their video essays. We look forward to hearing from students in all areas of study discuss the challenges they've overcome in recent years!  About Rockpoint Legal Funding  Rockpoint Legal Funding strives to make it easier for accident survivors to secure critical funds after dangerous accidents. Our team works with plaintiffs pursuing personal injury cases to pay their bills, restore damaged property, and get their families back on their feet.  The team takes pride in its unbeatable customer service and long experience collaborating with personal injury lawyers. Clients can count on Rockpoint Legal Funding to transparently offer financial services that reflect the team's uncompromising ethical principles.   Interested parties can reach out to the team today to discuss how its services might ease their financial stress in the days to come. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511195/rockpoint-legal-funding-announces-survivors-speak-catastrophic-injuries-that-change-lives-scholarship-for-2024)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1d2divz/rockpoint_legal_funding_offers_scholarship_for/