# MillionaireMatch Shares 5 Types of Videos That Attract Millionaires to Message You on Dating App, According to Survey

LOS ANGELES, CA, September 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- MillionaireMatch.com is a professional dating site specifically designed for successful, attractive single millionaires. In order to gain a deeper understanding of what millionaires prefer when filtering through dating profiles on a platform, MillionaireMatch surveyed 342 male millionaires.   The survey results show that 65% of male millionaires aged 30 to 40 like to give thumbs-up to users who upload clear selfie videos. 53% of male millionaires aged 40 to 50 like to give thumbs-up to users who share fitness videos. For those over 50, they prefer videos that showcase their music taste, hoping to understand a person's lifestyle through their musical tastes.  "Millionaires at different ages will also have different mating standards and expectations in a partner's qualities," said Dani Johnson, the MillionaireMatch spokesperson. "We hope that the results of this survey will provide quality users with useful information to help them refine their dating profiles."  Based on the results of the survey, MillionaireMatch has shared five types of videos that millionaires would like to see on other people's dating profiles:  - Selfie videos: Show authenticity and charisma. - Travel adventure video: Share adventure experiences and show an open-mindedness to exploration. - Concerts and performance videos: Highlight cultural taste and passion for life, attract like-minded partners. - Fitness videos: Convey a healthy lifestyle. - Videos of playing with pets: Show warmth and a sense of humor.  These videos not only directly showcase personal interests and lifestyles but also help both parties find common ground and break the ice quickly.  About MillionaireMatch  MillionaireMatch is specially designed for millionaires, rich and privileged singles to have exclusive space to look for serious relationships. Since 2001, MillionaireMatch has been helping over 5.7 million users connect with affluences, including top-tier professionals like doctors, lawyers, celebrities, CEOs, and entrepreneurs, looking for an array of qualities.  For more information, please visit www.millionairematch.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514797/millionairematch-shares-5-types-of-videos-that-attract-millionaires-to-message-you-on-dating-app-according-to-survey)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1fspq3l/survey_reveals_millionaires_preferences_for/