# Chris Reader's Profit Singularity Course Draws Media Focus for its Tech-driven Approach to Online Marketing

SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA, June 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Affiliate marketing provides flexible earning opportunities, but it can also be very time-consuming. Enter Chris Reader's Profit Singularity course, which was recently highlighted in two Los Angeles publications for helping students use AI and other technologies to simplify and automate affiliate marketing campaigns.   An LA Weekly article titled "Christopher Reader: From Affiliate Marketer to Profit Singularity Program Trailblazer" highlighted the course's comprehensive curriculum, which teaches students to harness AI to produce high-yielding video ads for YouTube.   Reader's technology-assisted methods allowed him to become a super affiliate (a top-performing affiliate marketer) while still in his early 20s, achieving remarkable $40,000 days. The article highlights Reader's commitment to maintaining "balance between productivity and personal well-being," which he passes on to his students by helping them work smarter, not harder.   The Los Angeles Tribune also featured Reader in the article "The Science of Success: Chris Reader's Profit Singularity Data-Driven Approach to Maximizing ROI and Minimizing Risk." The article describes how Reader's course allows students to "automate mundane tasks, optimize campaign performance in real time, and uncover insights that would be impossible to discern through manual analysis alone."  Chris Reader dropped out of college and quit his day job as a dishwasher, driven by his obsession with mastering affiliate marketing. What he discovered was a lot of time being wasted as marketers rebuilt the wheel with each new campaign. By systemizing and automating processes, he was able to drive down his time investment and increase his profits. He now shares his secrets with students through his course, giving students access to a trove of ad templates, copy generators, video builders, and landing page templates.   To learn more about the Profit Singularity training course for simplifying and scaling affiliate marketing, visit www.profit-singularity.com.  In Chris Reader's early 20s, he had no college degree and was working as a dishwasher, but his ambition and resourcefulness allowed him to succeed with a non-traditional career trajectory. He shares his insider knowledge through the Profit Singularity course and community. To learn more, visit www.profit-singularity.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512140/chris-readers-profit-singularity-course-draws-media-focus-for-its-tech-driven-approach-to-online-marketing)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/MarketingNewsramp/comments/1dtpvtb/aipowered_profit_singularity_course/