# Dr. Bradley Nelson Presents 'The RezVOLUTION' Sept. 17-18 at Standing Rock Indian Reservation

FORT YATES, ND, September 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bestselling author and veteran holistic physician Dr. Bradley Nelson will share energy healing techniques with members of all tribes and the public at "The RezVOLUTION: Healing Ancestral Trauma," a free event set for Sept. 17-18 on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation.  The RezVOLUTION is scheduled from 8:30 a.m. (CDT) Sept. 17 through 3 p.m. Sept. 18 at the Prairie Knights Resort and Casino, 7932 ND-24, Fort Yates, ND 58538. It is open to everyone age 14 and older. Click here for detailed information and to reserve a spot.  On Tuesday, Dr. Brad will present as the keynote speaker. Attendees will also enjoy a free lunch and presentations from community members and special guest speakers such as comedian Tonia Jo Hall. The first 500 guests will receive a free T-shirt.   On Wednesday, Dr. Brad will present an in-depth seminar on the Emotion Code® and its transformational ability to release inherited emotions from generations of ancestral trauma with astonishing results. Dr. Brad will work with volunteers from the crowd to provide powerful demonstrations of how the Emotion Code can instantly alleviate physical discomfort, ease emotional wounds, and restore balance to relationships. Participants may experience relief from anxiety, increased emotional resilience, and the removal of self-sabotaging behaviors. This method has also been noted to enhance overall well-being, support the healing of physical ailments, and foster a greater sense of inner peace and happiness. Attendees will witness firsthand how the Emotion Code can unlock their potential, helping them to break free from the negative energies that may be holding them back.  Through his studies of ancient medical practices and modern quantum physics, Dr. Brad developed the Emotion Code®, a simple yet powerfully effective method anyone can learn to release trapped emotions, unseen emotional baggage we carry from hurtful life experiences. A globally renowned expert in bioenergetic medicine, he has trained and certified more than 13,000 Emotion Code practitioners in 80 countries, teaching them how to identify and release trapped emotions that harm health and relationships.  About Dr. Brad: Veteran holistic physician Dr. Bradley Nelson (D.C., ret.) is one of the world's foremost experts on natural methods of achieving wellness. He is the creator of the Emotion Code, the Body Code, and the Belief Code, and is the CEO of Discover Healing, a holistic education platform that provides training and certifies practitioners worldwide. His bestselling book "The Emotion Code" provides step-by-step instructions for working with the body's energy healing power. His latest book is "The Body Code: Unlocking Your Body's Ability to Heal Itself" (February 2023, St. Martin's Press). For more information and a free Emotion Code Starter Kit, visit EmotionCodeGift.com.  To request an interview with Dr. Bradley Nelson, contact publicist Klaudia Simon at Klaudia@WasabiPublicity.com. For more information visit the online press kit drbradleynelson.onlinepresskit247.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514107/dr-bradley-nelson-presents-the-rezvolution-sept-17-18-at-standing-rock-indian-reservation) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 