# Cooey Health's AI-Driven HIPAA Compliant Care Management Platform Enables Patient Monitoring and Enhances Physician Efficiency

SUNNYVALE, CA, September 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Cooey Health is thrilled to announce a significant milestone in the adoption and success of its AI-driven HIPAA compliant Care Management Platform. In a short span, Cooey Health's technology has handled over 93,124 patient interactions in the last 3 months (up from 86,505 from the previous quarter which is a 7.65% increase) and is now facilitating over 7,760 encounters each week. This robust engagement is not only a testament to the efficiency of Cooey Health's solutions but also a reflection of its growing impact on healthcare delivery across multiple states and specialties.  Since its launch, the number of physician practices using Cooey Health's solutions has tripled, expanding our footprint across six states and ten medical specialties. The results are transformative: physicians using Cooey Health's solutions report a 90% reduction in patient emergencies and hospitalizations and a 70% reduction in time spent on patient medical review. For example, in one practice, out of the 723 patients who visited the emergency room in 2023, not one reported hypertension, which was being actively monitored by Cooey Health. With more chronic conditions under Cooey Health's purview, physicians can now reclaim valuable time and dedicate themselves to patient care - a critical improvement, given that doctors typically spend almost twice as much time on administrative work as they do with patients.  "Cooey Health is redefining how physicians interact with technology, liberating them from the administrative burden that often detracts from patient care," said Rajeev Mudumba, CEO of Cooey Health. "Our rapid growth and the positive feedback from our users demonstrate the immense demand for innovative solutions that streamline healthcare workflows and improve the quality of care."  Cooey Health's care management platform supports configurable workflows for remote patient monitoring, chronic care management, behavioral health intervention and more, enabling focused patient-centric care, compliant monitoring and generation of accurate clinical notes that are seamlessly integrated into Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems. This integration has proven successful across a diverse array of specialties, including Internal Medicine, Nephrology, Cardiac Care, Orthopedics, Pediatrics, and more.  Currently, physicians in California, Florida, Texas, Tennessee, Nevada and Missouri are leveraging Cooey Health's solutions to enhance their practices. As usage continues to rise, the benefits are clear: more focused time for patient interaction, configurable workflow management, improved work-life balance for physicians, and ultimately, better patient outcomes.  In addition to these solutions' rapid adoption, Cooey Health is continuously refining its technology, ensuring seamless integration with multiple EHR systems, with plans to expand further. Cooey Health's growth is also reflected in the team, which has nearly doubled, adding experts in AI, data science, and healthcare technology to drive their mission forward.  "Cooey Health is at the cutting edge of healthcare innovation, leveraging AI technology to enhance the physician experience and, most importantly, improve patient care," said Prabhakaran T P, COO at Cooey Health.  About Cooey Health  Cooey Health is a leader in AI-powered holistic and compliant care management solutions for healthcare, dedicated to reducing the administrative load on physicians and enabling them to focus on patient care. Our solutions are personalized, scalable, and designed to integrate seamlessly into existing healthcare workflows. Founded by industry veterans with deep expertise in technology and healthcare, Cooey Health is committed to transforming the healthcare landscape by making it more efficient, effective, and patient-centered. For more information, visit Cooey Health. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514296/cooey-healths-ai-driven-hipaa-compliant-care-management-platform-enables-patient-monitoring-and-enhances-physician-efficiency) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 