# LT. GOV. WILL AINSWORTH ANNOUNCES NEW ONLINE MENTOR RESOURCE FOR MILITARY SPOUSES

MONTGOMERY, AL, September 16, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- In his ongoing effort to ensure Alabama remains the nation's friendliest and most welcoming state for active service members and veterans, Lt. Gov. Will Ainsworth announced on Monday the rollout of a new mentorship program designed to assist military spouses and families in finding needed resources.  "Our goal from our first day in office was to make moving to and living in Alabama as easy as possible for active military members, their dependents, and the veterans who have served our nation," Ainsworth said. "This new mentorship and online program is a large step forward in serving the needs of military families whose love, support, and devotion allows our nation's soldiers to serve."  The foundation of the Alabama Military Stability Commission, which Ainsworth chairs by state statute, partnered with the Military Spouse Advocacy Network to create the the Alabama Mentorship-HUB, a first-of-its-kind resource that provides a range of free programs to military dependents. The Alabama Mentorship-HUB offers 24/7 access to resources and support provided by mentors who both military spouses and professionally-trained "mental health allies." These mentors provide valuable, firsthand information about Alabama's military bases and local communities, which fosters a strong sense of community and belonging among military families.  The program provides support to all spouses and caregivers of members and veterans of the US military, including active duty, Reserves, and the National Guard even if they are not located close to an installation. Gold Star surviving spouses and their families are served, as well.  "This collaboration will provide military spouses and families across all branches with a dedicated mentorship experience," Military Spouse Advocacy Network Founder, and CEO Verenice Castillo said. The HUB offers daily access to peer-to-peer mentorship and connects users to local and state programs and resources, enhancing their support network."  Military spouses wishing to serve as mentors in Alabama's 24/7 peer-to-peer mentorship program may email alhub@milspouseadvocacynetwork.org  About the Alabama Military Stability Foundation  The Alabama Military Stability Foundation is the operational arm of the Military Stability Commission. The Foundation is a private, non-profit organization, which was incorporated in September 2011. The Foundation works directly with the Alabama Military Stability Commission, which is chaired by Lieutenant Governor Will Ainsworth, supporting Alabama-assigned DOD installations and the communities that surround them. The Foundation and Commission work to develop and implement measures to retain and strengthen Alabama's military assets and infrastructure. The Foundation is led by a 6-member Board of Directors, which represents areas of heavy defense concentration in the State. Ron Boyd currently serves as Chair of the Board for the Foundation.  About Military Spouse Advocacy Network  Military Spouse Advocacy Network (MSAN) is a 501c3 nonprofit organization with a mission to create stronger military families through education, empowerment, and support. MSAN's Military Spouse Mentorship-HUB helps bridge military families from every branch of the Armed Forces and their surrounding communities in locations around the world through a Virtual Education and Resource Center, New Military Spouse Support Program, and Leadership Development Program. MSAN's collaborations with official military installations, Department of Defense (DoD) resources, and trusted partner organizations provide a structured and personal approach through a one-of-a-kind peer-to-peer mentorship experience, building long-term connections to local and national resources expanding the military family sense of community. MSAN strives to improve morale and military retention, increased utilization of resources, and ongoing investment in the communities our leaders serve. For more information on MSAN and its programs, visit www.militaryspouseadvocacynetwork.org or follow MSAN on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514335/lt-gov-will-ainsworth-announces-new-online-mentor-resource-for-military-spouses)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1fhykzg/alabama_launches_mentorship_program_for_military/