# 82.6% of UX/UI Designers Consider Project Complexity as Most Impactful Factor on Project Cost

BERLIN, GERMANY, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- TechBehemoths, the platform that connects IT companies and service providers with projects, performed a global survey between February 19 - March 6, 2024.  The survey conducted across 1062 professionals from 48 countries and territories shows that UX/UI designers involve several stages in their projects that require time, investment, talent, and adaptation to different industries, environments, and challenges.  The survey shows that 68.8% of companies experience difficulties with time and budget. Balancing creativity and usability while understanding user needs is also a concern for UX/UI designers.  Survey respondents have identified the top factors that influence the overall cost of UX/UI design projects. Amongst these factors are project complexity (82.6%), requiring more resources and expertise, followed by design preferences (43.1%), representing client preferences and aesthetic decisions, and time dedicated to the project (34.9%), indicating a direct correlation between time invested and overall cost.  The most popular UX/UI design pricing models for professionals are:  - 64.2% prefer a fixed-price model for upfront project cost. - 55% prefer hourly rate approach based on project time. - 42.2% prefer milestone payments aligned with project achievements or stages.  The research also analysed priority aspects in UX/UI design projects, which shows that website responsiveness is the most important factor for 87% of respondents, followed by visual design (83%) and navigation (82%). These are the three most important aspects which create a consistent brand experience across devices and craft visual and aesthetic qualities of the user interface, according to respondents of the survey.   Another important aspect that was discussed in the survey is that UX/UI designers use various methods to measure the success of UX/UI Design Improvements to optimize business outcomes, such as:  - User feedback surveys (67%) - Conversion rate optimization (CRO) (61.1%)  - Heatmaps and click-tracking analytics (59%) - Time on page and bounce rate (53.2%)  - A/B testing (39%)  According to the survey, UX/UI designers stated what are the most emerging technologies and trends for a better website user experience.  Chatbots are the most popular tool and trend, adopted by 44% of the respondents. Micro-interactions come in second place with 32.1% of the professionals using it. Augmented Reality (AR) is also gaining popularity, with 14.7%.TechBehemoths, a platform that connects IT companies and service providers with projects, performed a global survey between February 19 - March 6, 2024.  The survey conducted across 1062 professionals from 48 countries and territories shows that UX/UI designers involve several stages in their projects that require time, investment, talent, and adaptation to different industries, environments, and challenges.  The survey shows that 68.8% of companies experience difficulties with time and budget. Balancing creativity and usability while understanding user needs is also a concern for UX/UI designers.  Survey respondents have identified the top factors that influence the overall cost of UX/UI design projects. Amongst these factors are project complexity (82.6%), requiring more resources and expertise, followed by design preferences (43.1%), representing client preferences and aesthetic decisions, and time dedicated to the project (34.9%), indicating a direct correlation between time invested and overall cost.  The most popular UX/UI design pricing models for professionals are:  - 64.2% prefer a fixed-price model for upfront project cost. - 55% prefer hourly rate approach based on project time. - 42.2% prefer milestone payments aligned with project achievements or stages.  The research also analysed priority aspects in UX/UI design projects, which shows that website responsiveness is the most important factor for 87% of respondents, followed by visual design (83%) and navigation (82%). These are the three most important aspects which create a consistent brand experience across devices and craft visual and aesthetic qualities of the user interface, according to respondents of the survey.   Another important aspect that was discussed in the survey is that UX/UI designers use various methods to measure the success of UX/UI Design Improvements to optimize business outcomes, such as:  - User feedback surveys (67%) - Conversion rate optimization (CRO) (61.1%)  - Heatmaps and click-tracking analytics (59%) - Time on page and bounce rate (53.2%)  - A/B testing (39%)  According to the survey, UX/UI designers stated what are the most emerging technologies and trends for a better website user experience.  - Chatbots are the most popular tool and trend, adopted by 44% of the respondents. - Micro-interactions come in second place with 32.1% of the professionals using it. - Augmented Reality (AR) is also gaining popularity, with 14.7%.  TechBehemoths is a German platform that connects projects with IT service providers worldwide. Currently, there are 43,000 companies listed from 145 countries. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509713/826-of-uxui-designers-consider-project-complexity-as-most-impactful-factor-on-project-cost)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/GamingNewsRamp/comments/1btsfmc/global_survey_reveals_challenges_and_trends_in/