# Ace Hotel New York & Second World Productions are proud to announce "1978," a Spring dance party series celebrating the genesis & evolution of dance /DJ culture launching April 13th!

NEW YORK, NY, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- 1978 was born out of Selectress Iriela's record collection orbiting this magical year, sure enough on the back of her "Special Selections," in small print would be the year: 1978. This epicenter of a sound still as fresh as the day the record was released inspired the series to launch in 2014 in Brooklyn bumping parties of dance floor revelry with guests ranging from Sal P of Liquid Liquid to Natasha Diggs, and the legendary BreakBeat Lou. Welcome to 1978 – that sweet spot where everything from rare grooves, to disco and the advent of hip-hop, house music and club culture all intersect on the dancefloor!  Upcoming 1978 parties: Saturday May 18 and Saturday June 29!  About  Selectress Iriela (IRIE-LA), 1978 Resident & Curator is back from her 6 country/15 date Healing World Tour captivating audiences from Berlin to Bangkok powered by #SecondWorldMovement! Iriela is an artist who has rocked thousands since '96 when she began her musical journey as one of the first females in the game. Her creativity is energized by the "riddim" as she began with a firm base in Jamaican sound system culture. Iriela is the mastermind of original concepts inspired by her days on the air at IRIE FM Jamaica / WERS FM Boston and performing as part of Toneburst Collective, having grown up watching LIVE AID seeing the power art can have. Iriela went on to create festivals like Culture Fest International, house anthem "No Sleep (Till NYC)" with Sheyi Olagunju (Nigeria/London) and international events series Sunset Boogie, and Global Groove. With Iriela, there is always a deeper purpose. She is an industry leader, appearing as a DJ, delegate, multimedia journalist and professor globally. Iriela's sets prove why she is one of the most sought after DJs today. She plays with legends like Louie Vega, worked with Amp Fiddler and even guested on Francios K's legendary "Deep Space" in New York City – wherever she goes she transcends genres from house music, techno, to funk and soul – she's not just a DJ, she's a movement!  Y.U.K.IKO Japanese born, Chicago livin' and Detroit diggin' b-boy battle rockin' Yukiko is a DJ who truly understands how to play for the dancer. She is also a leading force wrapped in her humble shell – she saw that social media had divided the dance community from one another so she created her own dance event "Inspiration Exchange" in 2019 to help reconnect the spirituality of dance back into the art and foster opportunities for music to be experienced in a high quality soulful interplay, complete with percussion by Dez Andres and an all star panel of judges. Yukiko has honed a deep musical style that is infectious and has played on air at many radio stations like The Face Radio Brooklyn since 2021 and House Nation Music (Italy) and regularly rubs elbows with artists such as Dames Brown, Ash Lauryn, Wajeed, Horse Meat Disco and Joe Clausell to name a few. Yukiko loves vinyl and serves the fresh cuts every time! We are thrilled to have her with us!  Second World is not just a production company and sister nonprofit evolved from empowerment work globally, but a conscious tech platform encompassing events, festivals, art, dance, film, music production and more.   #SecondWorldMovement 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509701/ace-hotel-new-york-second-world-productions-are-proud-to-announce-1978-a-spring-dance-party-series-celebrating-the-genesis-evolution-of-dance-dj-culture-launching-april-13th) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 