# Author Jacob Dwyer Introduces the Release of His New Children's Book, "A Gift From God"

MAGNOLIA, TX, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- If Jacob Dwyer is being honest, becoming an author was not a life goal for him. However, he has an important story to tell.   His new book, "A Gift from God" was written exclusively for his wife Ashley as part of their healing process after they lost their first child. Dedicated to Jacob's late daughter Joan Estelle Dwyer, it provides a beautiful close to what he and his wife consider the worst season of their lives. It is proof of Joan's life on earth, the human experience she shared, and how she changed the world for the better.   Jacob and Ashley's mission is to share Joan's book and their story; to give hope and to be the people they wish they had during the fight of their own lives.   Teeming with challenges (not for the faint of heart) nature calls Baby Joan to action! She is armed with courage and called by God, ready to explore her vast potential in a world new to her. "A Gift from God" was originally written as a poem to comfort many families suffering loss. Now available as a children's book, this precious addition offers illustrations that capture the beauty of life through the eyes of a child.  A valuable asset that has already received glowing reviews from readers across the US, Jacob's book will educate, support, and inspire. "A Gift From God" will be a favorite book for children, and a heartfelt book meeting those who are going through grief, right where they are.  ABOUT LUCID BOOKS Lucid Books is an independent, hybrid publisher in the Houston area. As a partnership publisher, Lucid Books offers the connections and expertise of a traditional publisher with the author involvement of a self-publisher. We exist to help authors inspire, inform, and enrich the lives of their readers. For more information on Lucid Books, visit lucidbooks.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509702/author-jacob-dwyer-introduces-the-release-of-his-new-childrens-book-a-gift-from-god)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1btsg0u/author_jacob_dwyer_shares_heartfelt_story_of_loss/