# B2B eCommerce Solution Provider and SUN Sponsor Channel Software to Present at the 34th Annual Syteline User Network (SUN) User Group Conference

MINNEAPOLIS, MN, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Channel Software will present at and sponsor the 34th annual Syteline User Network (SUN) Conference in Tampa, Florida. The three-day conference, held exclusively for users of the Infor Syteline/CloudSuite Industrial (CSI) systems, runs from April 15-17, 2024. Over 1,000 people are expected to attend.  The event focuses on providing information and resources to help Infor customers make the most of their investments in technology in order to optimize their manufacturing operations.   Curt Olson, president of Channel Software, is to speak on Tuesday, April 16 at 3:45 PM ET. He will discuss the growing importance of digital commerce to the long-term success of manufacturers along with considerations for its implementation, including integrating ERP systems with ordering portals, digital catalogs, and eCommerce websites.  Olson will explore how today's market and customer expectations are driving the need for digital commerce and how manufacturers can leverage various digital platforms to increase sales, enhance their customers' experience, improve data flow and order accuracy, support their sales channels, and streamline their operations. Attendees will gain an understanding of key considerations in implementing digital commerce, including the importance of identifying a target audience, defining goals, and developing a clear strategy, particularly as it concerns choice of technology and employee training and communication during a transition to digital commerce. Channel Software will also demonstrate how its CSX eCommerce platform integrates with Infor ERP systems to simplify digital commerce management and help manufacturers gain a competitive advantage to grow their businesses.  "B2B ordering portals, digital catalogs, and eCommerce websites, when integrated with Infor Syteline and CloudSuite Industrial ERP, deliver an unsurpassed user experience," said Olson. "Manufacturers can gain a competitive edge by offering modern tools that cater to their customers' digital expectations, while simplifying their day-to-day operations."   During the conference, Channel Software experts will present insights regarding the future of B2B eCommerce for manufacturers. Attendees of the SUN Conference will also get an inside look at how and why Channel Software is leading the industry in delivering an all-in-one B2B eCommerce platform that integrates with Infor ERP systems and includes product information management (PIM) and content management tools. Visit Channel Software at booth #407.  To learn more, visit the 2024 SUN Annual Conference.  About SUN The Syteline User Network (SUN) is an incorporated, non-profit organization that is comprised of more than 500 companies, 1,600 members and 60 vendors, SUN is a liaison between Infor and the end users. SUN's goal is to create an environment that drives experts and professionals across the industrial sector toward a unified understanding of the systems and processes related to SyteLine, Infor CloudSuite and Infor Service Management. Learn more at the SUN website.  About Channel Software Channel Software strives to be the leading provider of integrated, B2B eCommerce software and services enabling companies of all sizes to increase sales, optimize their technology investment, and strengthen customer relationships. Since 2001, our CSX eCommerce software architecture and its powerful software logic have been serving the complicated B2B eCommerce needs of forward-thinking distributors and manufacturers. For over 20 years our suite of eCommerce software products and tools has helped define the B2B eCommerce category as it exists today. Learn more at channelsoftware.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509719/b2b-ecommerce-solution-provider-and-sun-sponsor-channel-software-to-present-at-the-34th-annual-syteline-user-network-sun-user-group-conference) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 