# Margex Invests $3 Million for Platform Upgrade Including New Design and a Zero-fee Converter

VICTORIA, SEYCHELLES, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Margex, a cryptocurrency trading platform boasting ultra-convenient and user-friendly copy trading, announces the successful launch of Margex 2.0. The upgrade has many exciting new features, including dark mode, a zero-fee converter, and an upcoming crypto wallet.  The Margex 2.0 platform redesign is a significant milestone. It will enhance the user experience by offering a new interface for both desktop and mobile users. With the introduction of dark mode, users can now customize their trading environment. They can enjoy a sleek and modern look while reducing eye strain, whether they're trading day or night.  In addition to the aesthetic upgrade, Margex delivered a zero-fee converter. The newly integrated asset converter allows users to seamlessly swap cryptocurrencies without incurring any fees. This feature makes copy trading even more convenient. It helps enthusiasts easily diversify their portfolios.  Soon, Margex will unveil a state-of-the-art crypto wallet, offering users a secure and intuitive means of asset storage. With just a few clicks, users can safeguard their funds and ensure they are readily available for copy trading.  About Margex  Margex is a boutique cryptocurrency exchange established in 2019, providing users access to a safe, powerful, and convenient copy trading platform. Margex copy trading makes trading simple yet effective for traders of any experience level. Users of all types can earn a return on their equity by replicating the trades of professional traders with no experience required, while skilled traders can earn income by allowing other users to copy successful strategies.  With no success fees and a $10 minimum deposit, Margex copy trading is the most user-friendly in the crypto industry.  Follow Margex on Facebook, Twitter, Telegram, Discord, and YouTube, or join the Margex team. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509726/margex-invests-3-million-for-platform-upgrade-including-new-design-and-a-zero-fee-converter) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 