# Recently Built Office Warehouse Space Ready for Occupancy in Alvarado Business Park

FORT WORTH, TX, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Are you on the hunt for the perfect workspace? Look no further than 4572 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 112, just outside the city of Alvarado.   RDS Real Estate is pleased to offer this commercial space for lease in a well-managed business park. The space is 1600 square feet with a 14-foot-tall bay door, and it has a restroom and one office.  Because the space is just outside the city, there is no requirement to get a certificate of occupancy. Some listings in the business park have outside fenced storage, so be sure to ask if that's something you need for your operations.  The 917 Industrial Park recently finished a 300,000-square-foot expansion. With available space sizes ranging from 1,200 square feet to 26,400 square feet, you're certain to find commercial property for lease that suits an expanding or relocating business or a startup.  The 917 Industrial Park is close to the Heritage Parkway, Highway 287 and I-35 West. This property is easy to get to from Alvarado, but also from Burleson, Cleburne, Crowley, Fort Worth, Grandview, Joshua, Keene, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rendon, South Fort Worth, Venus and beyond.  Don't miss this opportunity to secure prime space! Contact RDS Real Estate today to schedule your showing of 4572 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 112. Contact Jim Eaton at RDS Real Estate today at (817) 439-3224 to learn more.  "Business owners looking for Johnson County shop space for rent or looking to rent shop Burleson should check out our property listings at The 917 Industrial Park," said RDS Real Estate Vice President Jim Eaton.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial space, and multi-use space in Tarrant County with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any of their properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509413/recently-built-office-warehouse-space-ready-for-occupancy-in-alvarado-business-park) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 