# Schools and Libraries: Coming-of-Age Climate Novel "BAMBOO: A Post-Apocalyptic Odyssey" Hardback Now Available

LOS ANGELES, CA, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Clark Hilton debut speculative fiction novel, "BAMBOO: A Post-Apocalyptic Odyssey," is now available to buy direct in hardcover and softcover. This novel is as literary as it is entertaining, with a playful use of language and cultural references that can be utilized by teachers to expand their students' horizons. The hardbound edition is sturdy for institutional use and will hold up to many readings. The novel includes a student and book club discussion starter, with the complete set of questions available at ClarkHilton.com Book Club.  Book Description: In a near tomorrow, Gen journeys from her lonely family farm in search of a gleaming utopia filled with excitement, new friends… maybe even love. But Earth's fury tumbles her into a brutish world beyond her imagination. Where nature is a nemesis. Humanity is hostile. And no place is safe. As Gen struggles to survive in this nightmare, others seek to use the dark-skinned girl's secrets against her. Now she must battle rough men and terrible beasts to find her way home.  The book includes the standard PCIP block for easy ordering by schools, libraries, and book retailers.  "The popularity of the climate fiction genre has exploded as people across America see the devastating effects of wind, sun, and wave, making living on planet Earth a trial by fire," says publisher spokesperson Art Radley. "Authors Kim Stanley Robinson, Emily St. John Mandel, Cormac McCarthy, and Margaret Atwood have all explored these prescient themes."  Reviews:  "...Like Atlas, the protagonist bears the weight of the world on her shoulders. Her Odyssean trek to find love in a loveless world is an ode to the human spirit tested against the repercussions of our limitless mistakes." - Books2Flicks  "...Schools should consider BAMBOO for enrichment of vocabulary and for the sheer breadth of art, science, and sociological themes... A great gift for a teen or new adult." - Joseph P.  The novel is available through Ingram, Barnes & Noble, and Bookshop.org.   Buy Direct:   Softcover edition - $16.99 (+s&h)  Hardcover edition - $24.99 (+s&h)  Bulk Orders: Via the publisher's website: BooksIlluminated.com. About the book: BAMBOO: A Post-Apocalyptic Odyssey by Clark Hilton ISBN: 979-8-9886020-3-3 (hardback) | 979-8-9886020-4-0 (paperback) | 979-8-9886020-6-4 (audiobook) | LCCN: 2023921366 6x9, 384pp, with chapter illustrations Published November 13, 2023  About:  Publisher: Books Illuminated, LLC specializes in acquiring fully edited and proofed manuscripts for rapid turnaround to market. All acquisitions are selected for quality, as well as ancillary market potential: motion pictures, streaming series, animated series, music, fine art, comics, graphic novels, audiobooks, toys, games, and fashions.  Author: Clark Hilton scribes award-winning words for the screen, print, and science edutainment. A business innovator, Hilton invented a tech platform to empower enterprises to transform underutilized IP into new opportunities. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509638/schools-and-libraries-coming-of-age-climate-novel-bamboo-a-post-apocalyptic-odyssey-hardback-now-available)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/BookNews/comments/1btsg2u/clark_hilton_releases_bamboo_a_postapocalyptic/