# With A Nod to Broadway, The Paradiddles Release Ambitious Debut Musical Concept Album

AUSTIN, TX, April 02, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Paradiddles proudly announce the release of their debut musical concept album, "The Absent-Minded Pirate," a big-screen-musical-theater-inspired adventure for kids and kids-at-heart.  This "British-Invasion-meets-Broadway-Musical adventure is a swashbuckling ride the whole family can enjoy," says Billy Lucas, The Paradiddles' creator and primary composer, instrumentalist, and vocalist.   "The Absent-Minded Pirate" tells the story of four strangers on a hunt for a forgetful pirate's buried treasure. Seeking adventure and the promise of untold riches, they gather their instruments -- and their courage -- to embark on a journey fraught with danger and mystery. Along the way, they encounter mythical creatures, overcome ghostly obstacles, and forge friendships that just might last a lifetime. That is … if they survive the trek.  Grammy and Emmy Award-winning engineer and producer Cynthia Daniels (The Producers [Original Broadway Cast Recording]) who mixed and mastered the release says the project "brought me right back to that place where I spent days behind the console with an orchestra for countless Broadway and off-Broadway shows."   With their debut release, The Paradiddles bring to life a complete story told through memorable pop/rock songs, fully orchestrated sound effects, dialogue, and scene transitions – allowing the listener to "envision the story playing out on the big screen or a Broadway stage," says Lucas. All the while exploring the universal concepts of love, selflessness, and the need for connection.  "It's a Broadway show, it's a stream, it's a movie, it's a soundtrack" continues Daniels, "The songs are sublime, and the orchestration and sounds are complex and perfectly arranged."  Now available on all major streaming platforms, "The Absent-Minded Pirate" invites listeners to join The Paradiddles on a musical adventure unlike any other.  LISTEN HERE  The Paradiddles are an Austin, Texas-based musical group dedicated to producing high-quality, elevated family-friendly entertainment. "The Absent-Minded Pirate" marks their debut album release, showcasing their brand of storytelling to audiences around the world. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509730/with-a-nod-to-broadway-the-paradiddles-release-ambitious-debut-musical-concept-album)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1btsfkk/the_paradiddles_debut_musical_album_the/