# Triumph Law, P.C. Announces Winner of The 2023 Change Any Law Scholarship

FOLSOM, CA, June 28, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The team at Triumph Law, P.C. is thrilled to announce that Thu Tran has won the 2023 Change Any Law Scholarship. This scholarship offers $2,500 of financial support to a student who writes a 500 to 1,000-word essay on a modification to a local, state, or federal law that would improve their everyday life.  Thu Tran is a Graphic Design major at Arizona State University. In school, Thu learns how to use digital design tools and studies how design can be used to convey messages and influence how people see things.   Outside of school, Thu participates in online design challenges and also volunteers to work on various design projects. When Thu graduates in 2026, she plans to work as a graphic designer with a focus on branding and advertising. She wants to use her skills to help companies build strong brands and ultimately lead a team of designers as their creative director.  Thu was drawn to this scholarship opportunity because she has witnessed first-hand how minimum wage laws can have a negative impact on people's lives. In her essay, Thu suggests that indexing the minimum wage to inflation would provide workers with a more robust and secure source of income.  In her essay, Thu also addresses concerns from business owners that increasing the minimum wage will make it hard for them to stay afloat. Thu responds to this by citing research that shows increased wages results in heightened productivity. She argues that increased productivity would offset the cost of higher wages.  Upon receiving the Change Any Law Scholarship, Thu remarked that the financial support would help her worry less about funding her studies. She went on to say, "It's an acknowledgment of my potential, which motivates me to work even harder."  About Triumph Law, P.C.  Founded in 2018, Triumph Law, P.C. is a personal injury law firm that helps victims of car crashes and other types of accidents seek compensation for their injuries and losses. In addition to helping injury victims get back on their feet, the law firm also offers a great deal of support to communities in California.  The firm's community involvement includes participating in Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) events, honoring police officers who protect their communities from drunk driving, and more. Whether the attorneys at Triumph Law, P.C. are at trial or a community event, they're always committed to protecting the best interests of their fellow Californians. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512087/triumph-law-pc-announces-winner-of-the-2023-change-any-law-scholarship)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1dqdoud/graphic_design_major_wins_change_any_law/