# Peace Walk and Art Exhibition in Houston Hosted by Global Peace Organization

HOUSTON, TX, May 29, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On Saturday, May 25th, the Houston chapter of global peace organization HWPL gathered at Hermann park with posters and art to share the message of peace around the world. HWPL stands for Heavenly Culture, World Peace and Restoration of Light, and was founded to enable world peace and cessation of war. The organization participates in writing international law through the DPCW (Declaration of Peace and Cessation of War) which is a proclamation with 10 articles and 38 clauses to facilitate world peace.  The dozens of members of the HWPL Houston chapter chanted and shouted for world peace as they walked through the busy park. The Peace Walk also included an activity which promoted discussion on how the members can work to create peace in Houston.  An art display was part of the event, which included art pieces from grade-school students and adults. The theme of the artwork was 'Reconciliation and Inclusion' and there was a vote for which art piece best fit the theme.  HWPL Houston chapter leader Mr. Lewis stated about the event: "Being an HWPL member means you have personally taken up the role of a peace messenger in your community and on the global stage…This event symbolizes Texas' solidarity with HWPL branches around the world who hold similar events yearly on this date." He added, "We hope that as the number of peace messengers in Houston and other Texas cities grows, we can change the culture of our state to prioritize and celebrate peace at the forefront of the minds of all citizens, and come to think of ourselves as a part of the global family who can live harmoniously!"  HWPL also has partner groups which help to attain world peace, including IPYG (International Peace Youth Group) and IWPG (International Women's Peace Group). The three organizations work together in a variety of ways to create peace events and programs for women and children worldwide. HWPL also seeks to contribute to the UN's Sustainable Development Goals by spreading a culture of peace through various means such as forums, education, volunteer work and campaigns.  The organization's information can be found via the social media links below and on the website here. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511223/peace-walk-and-art-exhibition-in-houston-hosted-by-global-peace-organization)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1d3m1c3/houston_peace_organization_hwpl_promotes_global/