# Inga Ellzey Billing Companies Supports Dermatology Practices Requiring Nextech-Based Billing

CASSELBERRY, FL, April 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dermatology practices face an ongoing challenge to ensure they're appropriately capturing reimbursements for their services. For practices using Nextech, finding a specialized billing and collections vendor with extensive knowledge of both Nextech and dermatology is critical to ensuring all applicable reimbursements are received.  Nextech held the Nextech EDGE 10th Annual User Conference on March 21st through 23rd in Las Vegas, Nevada. Inga Ellzey Billing was among the exhibitors at the event. "Nextech is one of the leading softwares in dermatology practice management," says Inga. "We attended the Nextech conference because many practices are looking for a specialized vendor for billing and collections that knows Nextech and dermatology. We network with existing clients, market to prospective new clients, and stay up on the trends in the industry by participating in these events."  As a comprehensive billing solution provider, Inga and her team take pride in serving clients on Nextech's Cloud, Server, and Practice Plus platforms. Additionally, Inga and her team service customers using AdvancedMD, ClinixMIS, and ModMed practice management systems. Having proficiency with several different systems makes Inga Ellzey Billing a reliable option to many dermatology practices in need in a rapidly changing healthcare space.  For more information about Inga Ellzey Billing Companies, visit dermatologybilling.com.  About Inga Ellzey Billing Companies  With over 40 years of extensive experience in dermatology, Inga Ellzey is the nation's foremost expert on dermatology coding, documentation, reimbursement, and billing. She holds a Master's Degree in Public Administration and a Bachelor's Degree in Medical Record Administration and is a Registered Health Information Administrator.  Inga has spent the last 30 years as an educator, including teaching as an adjunct professor at the University of Central Florida. She served as a contracted speaker with Glaxo-Wellcome-SmithKline's dermatology division for ten years, addressing over 300 dermatology societies nationally. More than 14,000 providers and their staff attended these sessions.  Founded by Inga in 1996, Inga Ellzey Billing Companies employs 160 U.S.-based employees while serving 120 dermatology practices and 470+ providers nationwide. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509837/inga-ellzey-billing-companies-supports-dermatology-practices-requiring-nextech-based-billing)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1bzm126/dermatology_billing_expert_inga_ellzey_showcases/