# Just Completed Office Warehouse Space at Alvarado Industrial Park

FORT WORTH, TX, April 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- RDS Real Estate is excited to announce the availability of office warehouse space at 4572 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 108, located near Alvarado, TX. With 1400 square feet of space, this unit presents an excellent opportunity for businesses seeking versatile business park space.  Since this property is near Alvarado rather than in Alvarado, no certificate of occupancy is required, making moving in simpler. In addition, some of the listings in the 917 Industrial Park have fenced outdoor storage, so be sure to ask if that's a benefit to your operations.  The 917 Industrial Park is close to the Heritage Parkway, Highway 287 and I-35 West. This property is easy to get to from Alvarado, but also from Burleson, Cleburne, Crowley, Fort Worth, Grandview, Joshua, Keene, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rendon, South Fort Worth, Venus and beyond.  The 917 Industrial Park recently finished a 300,000-square-foot expansion. With available space sizes ranging from 1,200 square feet to 26,400 square feet, you're certain to find commercial property for lease that suits an expanding or relocating business or a startup.  Take advantage of this opportunity to secure premium space. Contact RDS Real Estate today to inquire about 4572 JD Mouser Parkway, Unit 108, and schedule a showing of the property. Contact Jim Eaton at RDS Real Estate today at (817) 439-3224 to get additional information on this property for lease.  "Entrepreneurs looking for Johnson County shop space for rent or looking to rent shop Burleson should check out our property listings at The 917 Industrial Park," said RDS Real Estate Vice President Jim Eaton.  About RDS Real Estate RDS Real Estate is a leader in leasing retail, office, warehouse, industrial space, and multi-use space in Tarrant County with properties located in Fort Worth, Haslet (Blue Mound/Alliance area), Arlington, Kennedale, and Haltom City. For information about any of their properties, contact Jim Eaton at (817) 439-3224, leasing@rdsinvestments.com, or visit RDSRealEstate.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509415/just-completed-office-warehouse-space-at-alvarado-industrial-park) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 