# Bestselling Author Ginger Marin Of Bijou Entertainment's New Children's Science Fiction Book, Monster On Mars, Available At No Charge In Ebook Format July 31 Through August 2, 2024, At Amazon

WILMINGTON, NC, July 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Bijou Entertainment has announced that their latest kids science fiction story, 'Monster On Mars,' will be available in ebook form at no charge from July 31 through August 2, 2024 in ebook form at Amazon.  As kids, we all had a favorite book. 'Monster on Mars' by bestselling author Ginger Marin of Bijou Entertainment is one of those books that will create a movie in the minds of children. Filled with mayhem and a healthy dose of humor, it is a delightful and engaging children's science fiction story that the whole family can enjoy.  The book follows the unexpected journey of Rolley, a spunky robot from JPL, who becomes an accidental hero on Mars after a series of events sends him rocketing to the Red Planet. Filled with humor, heart, and Martian mayhem, the story takes readers on a mind-bending, thrilling sci-fi ride as Rolley befriends the Goolgians while facing a deeper threat in the form of a legendary predator, Bogswampthing. Along the way, the book explores themes of friendship, bravery, and the unexpected potential within us all.  With a fresh twist on the hero's journey, 'Monster on Mars' is a cosmic adventure that is both fun and inspiring, making it a great addition to any children's library.  In a recent review, Vincent Dublado of Readers Favorite said, "Monsters on Mars succeeds at being two things at once: an enthralling young adult story and a decent and humorous science fiction story. It is a story that feels like a cross between Wall-E and Robots. This is a story with an appeal that is not limited to young readers. It works largely on its action-driven style as well as its evocative settings and characters that make it so astonishing. Moreover, considering that this is a planetary story, anyone can relate as it transcends human barriers. The story has a charming plot, and Ginger Marin involves you in a story with an idea and not just mindless scenarios involving close encounters with aliens. It involves something thoughtful, an idea that is especially stimulating to young readers and amusing for adults."  NewInBooks called 'Monster On Mars', "A thrilling tale that blends humor, heart, and Martian mayhem, celebrating friendship, bravery, and the unexpected potential within us all."   The ebook version of 'Monster On Mars' will be available at no charge July 31 through August 2, 2024, at https://www.amazon.com/stores/Ginger-Marin/author/B00V7EDT24?ref=ap_rdr&isDramIntegrated=true&shoppingPortalEnabled=true  Bijou Entertainment specializes in "Stories That Create Movies In Your Mind." Their stories captivate both readers and movie lovers, as authors Ginger Marin and her co-author J Bartell on many of their books, are also screenplay artists who also shine as actors and directors. They offer an enthralling selection of drama, espionage, action/thriller, dark comedy, and family-friendly books for kids, immersing readers in cinematic worlds with every flip of the page.  Both Marin and Bartell are available for media interviews and can be reached by email at contact@bijouentertainment.com. All of their books are available at Amazon and other book retailers. More information is available at the Bijou Entertainment website at https://bijouentertainment.com/.  About Bijou Entertainment:  Ginger Marin is an actor, author, environmentalist, and animal rights advocate who previously served as producer and writer for NBC News' top new shows and various special reports.  J Bartell did black ops assignments as a subcontractor for the CIA during a ten-year period. In addition to his work with the CIA, J Bartell is a behavior specialist and former California licensed Marriage, Family and Child Counselor. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512918/bestselling-author-ginger-marin-of-bijou-entertainments-new-childrens-science-fiction-book-monster-on-mars-available-at-no-charge-in-ebook-format-july-31-through-august-2-2024-at-amazon)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Lifestyle_Culture/comments/1eggwqi/new_kids_scifi_ebook_monster_on_mars_available/