# Debut Album Unleashes Social Content Creator's Powerful Voice on Pop/Reggae Music Scene

TURKS AND CAICOS, July 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Pop/reggae singer Alyxandra has been preparing for this moment since a young age, as she grew up in the studio with her father, a classically trained pianist, who owned and operated Charleston Sound Studios and worked with the likes of Darius Rucker, Ashanti, and Chris Robinson.  Now available on Spotify and Apple Music, the artist's debut album, Turkoise, highlights more of her remarkable vocal talent and distinctive pop/reggae style. While making headlines about her life-changing journey for love and covering songs from popular American reggae bands Rebelution and Stick Figure, Alyxandra wrote, produced, and vocalized nine original songs for Turkoise.  "I made this album for everyone who loves pop and reggae, and everyone who has been looking for a special blend of the two sounds," said Alyxandra. "A huge, heartfelt 'thank you' goes to everyone who has been following my story, watching me develop, and supporting me as an artist until this moment, as you have helped make Turkoise possible!"  The new album includes the singles Turkoise (featuring hip-hop artist Damn Skippy) and Float, as well as new songs Inhale / Exhale and Not Your Type. Fans of pop and reggae music will find much to enjoy from Turkoise's lyrics and sounds, from breathing in good vibes and delighting in an island paradise, to dealing with ungentlemanly bar etiquette and being unphased by bad days.  Watch the new music video for Turkoise  About Alyxandra Alyxandra is a rising talent in the pop and American reggae music scenes, known for her soulful voice and lyrics that are written and performed from the heart. With a burgeoning career as both a singer/songwriter and social media content creator, she has garnered a substantial following for her authenticity and engaging content. For more information about Alyxandra and her music, visit www.alyxandramusic.com and follow her on TikTok and Instagram for the latest updates. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512946/debut-album-unleashes-social-content-creators-powerful-voice-on-popreggae-music-scene) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 