# FULLY PROMOTED CELEBRATES MID-YEAR SUCCESS HIGHLIGHTED BY ROBUST GROWTH

WEST PALM BEACH, FL, July 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Fully Promoted®, a leading full-service promotional products franchise, is reporting impressive results for the first half of 2024, where it achieved strong unit growth as well as sales increases both systemwide and at a unit level. The brand opened eight new locations nationwide in the first two quarters in markets including Scottsdale, Ariz.; Cincinnati, Ohio; Wyckoff, N.J.; Calabasas, Calif.; Lawrence, Kan.; and three in its home state of Florida in Winter Park, Palmetto Bay, and Pembroke Pines. Fully Promoted is continuing to propel its domestic expansion, with 12 additional locations in the pipeline slated to open before the end of the year.   Adding to the brand's notable performance this year, Fully Promoted also signed 15 franchise agreements in the first six months, signifying the brand's staying power within both the promotional products and franchising industries. These agreements will result in 12 new units to be opened soon, adding to the brand's growing worldwide footprint.   "Over the past 19+ months, our team has worked tirelessly to deploy strategies and integrate innovations that would better tell our brand story, benefit our franchise owners, improve operational efficiencies, and enhance our customers' experience. We are thrilled to see that those initiatives are translating to wins across the board," said Andrew Titus, President of Fully Promoted. "We are proud to share these outstanding results and use them as a benchmark for our continued success for the remainder of this year and most certainly in the years to come."  Fully Promoted is feeling its success systemwide with several high-performing locations having their best year ever, and the brand on pace to have a record number of million-dollar locations. Fully Promoted locations in Ohio have grown a stunning 25.8% in sales year-to-date. Additionally, the Minnesota locations are up 46.6% in sales year-to-date.  "A brand's growth and success are fueled by its ability to innovate, adapt, and stay true to its core values, while continuously exceeding customer expectations. Fully Promoted is a testament to that," said Ray Titus, CEO of United Franchise Group™ (UFG), of which Fully Promoted is an affiliated brand. "The Fully Promoted team and franchise owners are among the most talented and dedicated I've seen, and that's what makes this brand so great. It was fantastic to celebrate all their achievements at our World Expo in Nashville last week."  Fully Promoted honored outstanding franchise owners at UFG's 2024 World Expo for their significant contributions and hitting sales milestones. Award winners included:  •	Millionaires Club Inductees: Robert Steffek and Michelle Monhollen (Centerville, OH); Rick & Stephanie Troncin (Altoona, IA); Bill Reilly and Jocelyn Hechtl (Mendota Heights, MN) •	Rookie of the Year: Mike Holm (Mankato, MN) •	Most Improved: Vicente Rojas (Grand Rapids, MI); Bill Reilly and Jocelyn Hechtl (Mendota Heights, MN) •	President's Award: Jeff Moffett (Overland Park, KS); Robert Steffek and Michelle Monhollen (Centerville, OH) •	MVP Award: Garrick Jacobi (Boise, ID) •	Hall of Fame: Liz Luisi (Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia); Jeff & Dina Slain (Fishers, IN)  Since its inception 24 years ago, Fully Promoted has established itself as a leader in the promotional products industry and is consistently recognized by leading organizations. In addition to ranking on Promotional Products Association International's PPAI 100 for the second year in a row earlier this year, the brand was recently named a Top 40 Distributor for the 19th consecutive year by the Advertising Specialty Institute's Counselor magazine.   Fully Promoted is part of the United Franchise Group™ family of affiliated brands and consultants, giving franchise owners unparalleled access to a global network and more than three decades of experience in the franchising industry.  About Fully Promoted Fully Promoted® operates a full-service branded apparel, promotional products, and marketing service business with approximately 270 individually owned and operated locations around the world. It is an affiliated brand of United Franchise Group™, the global leader for entrepreneurs. Fully Promoted has established its reputation as a one-stop-shop for branded swag, merchandise, and apparel, perfect for business conferences, tradeshows, incentives, recognition and award programs, corporate gifts, and company stores, building brand recognition that can take your organization to the next level. To find the Fully Promoted nearest you, visit www.fullypromoted.com, and for franchising opportunities, visit www.fullypromotedfranchise.com.   About United Franchise Group Led by CEO Ray Titus, United Franchise Group™ (UFG) is home to an affiliated family of brands and consultants including Signarama®, Fully Promoted®, Transworld Business Advisors®, Exit Factor™, Accurate Franchising Inc.™, Franchise Real Estate™, the Vast Coworking Group™ division comprised of Venture X®, Office Evolution®, Intelligent Office®, and Big Flavor Brands™ with The Great Greek Mediterranean Grill®, Graze Craze® and Cannoli Kitchen Pizza®. UFG affiliated brands include over 1600 franchises in more than 60 countries, with consultants that have helped develop over 350 brands into franchises, in over 60 countries with more than 2500 franchisees. With over three decades in the franchising industry United Franchise Group offers unprecedented leadership and solid business opportunities for entrepreneurs. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512962/fully-promoted-celebrates-mid-year-success-highlighted-by-robust-growth) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 