# Loose Diamond Weekend at Rottermond Jewelers

MILFORD & BRIGHTON, MI, July 31, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The weekend of August 16 and 17 will be an incredible time to visit either of Rottermond Jewelers locations in Michigan to explore a collection of loose diamonds and fine jewelry worth over $1,000,000. Browse beautiful designs by Michael M at their Brighton location while you can check out Martin Flyer and the diamond fashion jewelry of Beny Sofer at their Milford jewelry store. Representatives from each designer will be present with exclusive items of jewelry to view and enjoy.   When you buy an engagement ring and diamond, worth at least $7500, from Rottermond Jewelers during this two day event, then you will receive a free wedding band valued up to $1550. If instead of a free band, the amount can be applied to an upgraded wedding band. If you visit either the Milford or Brighton jewelry stores during these two days, then you can enter the drawing for a 2.10 carat lab-grown cushion cut diamond with no purchase necessary. The lab-grown diamond has a retail value of $2450.   Experience the designers in each location or choose your favorite to devote your time to on August 16 or 17. Michael M is known for exceptional attention to detail and sustainable materials along with only high-quality diamonds used in their designs. For more than 70 years, Martin Flyer is known for graceful lines and stylish elegance in all of their designs. Every diamond is hand-picked for Beny Sofer's diamond fashion jewelry to create timeless pieces that will last a lifetime.   Renowned for their customer service and dedication to quality, Rottermond Jewelers is proud to call Brighton and Milford both their homes for their jewelry stores. Explore their incredible selection of loose diamonds and fine jewelry to find the pieces that you adore. Schedule an appointment with one of their professionals to Contact either of their Michigan jewelry stores to learn more information about the event, their selection, and their services.  About Rottermond Jewelers  Since their establishment in 1984, Rottermond Jewelers has served as a trustworthy purveyor of all things fine jewelry and luxury watches for the people in Milford and Brighton, Michigan. Rottermond Jewelers is renowned for their unparalleled inventory, top-notch customer care, expert custom jewelry design, and other services. The retailer is an active member of their community and for more than 35 years has donated over $500,000 to local charities and non-profit organizations such as the Pink Fund, the Michigan chapter of the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and ALS of Michigan, Inc. Get in touch with the jewelry retailer by sending an email to info@rottermond.com or by calling (248) 685-1150 for their Milford location and (810) 220-0015 for their Brighton location! 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512980/loose-diamond-weekend-at-rottermond-jewelers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1eggwvo/discover_exquisite_jewelry_at_rottermond_jewelers/