# Verragio Trunk Show at Adlers Jewelers

WESTFIELD, NJ, October 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Adlers Jewelers is excited to host an exclusive Verragio Trunk Show in their Westfield jewelry store on Friday, October 18 and Saturday, October 19. This two day event offers the opportunity to explore over 500 engagement rings and wedding bands by Verragio along with assistance from a brand stylist and Adlers knowledgeable team.   Engagement rings by Verragio are known for their ethereal and timeless beauty. Find matching wedding bands or rings to make your own unique bridal stack combinations. Intricate details, mixed metal designs, and ultimate customization of their rings truly sets these collections apart for people trying to find the ring that will advance their love story to the next stage.   Make sure to RSVP to this exclusive event for the chance for a Verragio stylist to assist in finding the perfect ring to symbolize your romance. With over 500 wedding band and engagement ring designs, there are so many possibilities for bridal rings you'll adore for years.   For over 100 years Adlers Jewelers has been the destination for incredible fine jewelry and professional jeweler services in New Jersey. Contact their Westfield jewelry store to learn more about the Verragio event, their incredible selection, and their jewelry services.  About Adlers Jewelers With over 100 years of experience and customer service excellence in Westfield, New Jersey, Adlers Jewelers is still the premier jeweler in the area, represented by current owners, brothers Andrew and Jeffrey Arkin, both certified gemologists. Adlers proudly carries the top bridal and fashion jewelry brands and offers repair services for jewelry and watches. The store is fully equipped and available to custom design any item. Most of all, everyone at Adlers is trained to follow the thoughtful tradition of Mama Adler always offering coffee when Maurice Adler first sold jewelry from their parlor. Come by to experience the same level of friendliness and caring. For more information on their products and services, call (908) 233-6900 or email their staff at sales@adlersjewelers.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/515001/verragio-trunk-show-at-adlers-jewelers) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 