# American Time and Complex Security Solutions Partner to Upgrade Safety and Communications at School District of Sheboygan Falls

SHEBOYGAN FALLS, WI, May 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- American Time is pleased to announce that the School District of Sheboygan Falls has completed a significant facility improvement effort within the district, a project that included the installation of over 300 American Time EverAlert devices throughout all of the district's school buildings.   Complex Security Solutions, American Time's partner in the eastern Wisconsin area, provided the district with a complete safety and security solutions improvement package.  Instructional Technology Coordinator Mike Nikson explained about the project: "We had some aging communications systems in our buildings. And we wanted to improve our physical security. So, we chose to finance this crucial upgrade with some remaining funds from the Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief (ESSER) program and our long-term facility planning budget."  When asked about the EverAlert Communication tools, Mike said, "We particularly like how easy they are to use. We are actively working to build on our culture with the daily communication tools. For emergency situations, we use the ALICE protocol. Along with the visual alarms built in the displays, I believe the ability to deliver a calm, audible message to staff and students in a time of emergency through the EverAlert displays is incredibly valuable."   "We were honored to be chosen by the School District of Sheboygan Falls to execute this critical project," said Max Hoffman, Senior Sales Executive at Complex Security Solutions. "Providing integrated safety and security solutions is one of our specialties. We build long term relationships with our clients, providing installation, unlimited training, and remote support with our own technical support staff here in eastern Wisconsin. We are pleased to have worked with American Time on the Sheboygan Falls project and look forward to working with them on additional projects coming up soon."  "We are incredibly excited to be part of this project," said Mike Skelley, Director of Global Sales at American Time. "Sheboygan Falls is taking full advantage of our EverAlert communication solution, including critical emergency messaging capabilities, daily communication, paging, and synchronized time, all managed from our easy-to-use, cloud-based inCloud portal. We remain committed to making schools and workplaces safer, more secure, and better informed and we are proud to say our products are playing a role in that effort in the School District of Sheboygan Falls."  About American Time From synchronized time and communication systems for the largest companies and organizations in the world to a presence in half of the K-12 school districts in the USA, American Time is the recognized leader in the production of custom synchronized time solutions and cloud-based communication systems. It offers the EverAlert communication system and the inCloud management portal for network synchronized time and communication system management, Wi-Fi network clocks and devices, Power over Ethernet (PoE) clocks and devices, stand-alone clocks, as well as a master-controlled wired and wireless clock systems with the ability to run on a legacy wired system using a wireless clock system. For more information, visit www.american-time.com.  About Complex Security Solutions Complex Security Solutions, Inc. was established in 2014 by colleagues and field veterans John Kerlin and Charles Strand, along with a business savvy partner, Scott Mayer. In 2021, an invaluable business partner, Hamido El-Shafei, joined the owners' team. Located in Southeast Wisconsin, The Company saw an increased demand for cutting-edge solutions and opened a second location in Madison, Wisconsin in 2020. The Company has since grown to over 40 employees and continues serving Wisconsin and Illinois.  The top priority at Complex Security Solutions has been securing facilities with state-of-the-art security systems. We partner with the best equipment manufacturers and software developers to ensure what you want secured stays secure. Complex can engineer, install, monitor and maintain security systems of all sizes. Our greatest asset is the ability to integrate all portions of your security system to ensure 24/7 full functionality and enabling total facility security at a click of a button. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511099/american-time-and-complex-security-solutions-partner-to-upgrade-safety-and-communications-at-school-district-of-sheboygan-falls)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/HealthCareNewsInfo/comments/1cymtc9/sheboygan_falls_school_district_completes_major/