# CutXChelle Opens at Salon and Spa Galleria in Haltom City, Texas

HALTOM CITY, TX, May 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Dominique Clinton's fascination with braiding and cutting hair started young. Since both of her grandmothers were beauticians, and her father is a barber, she grew up learning all about hair cutting and styling at the feet of beloved and skilled family professionals.  "As a child, I was immersed in the beauty business," Clinton said. "I knew what I wanted to do from an early age, and I made sure I took the right steps to make it happen."  Clinton enrolled in the cosmetology program at Trimble Technical High School in Fort Worth. As a student, Clinton was already cutting and braiding hair, and earned her cosmetology license upon graduation. She's accrued 11 years of experience in the industry, and it's easy to see she's excited about her newest venture.  "Having my own salon truly is a dream come true for me," Clinton said. "It gives me the opportunity to express my creativity and use the skills that I've developed through the years." Clients can view examples of her work by paying a visit to the CutXChelle Instagram page.  With its proximity to several large businesses and shopping areas, CutXChelle at Denton Highway Salon and Spa Galleria is a convenient location for clients. Several major interchanges and roadways are nearby, allowing easy access from any direction. There is plenty of free parking, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.  To celebrate the opening of CutXChelle in the Denton Highway Salon and Spa Galleria, Clinton is offering several specials, including $5 off men's haircuts and $10 off color services for first-time clients.   For your convenience, CutXChelle is open from 2-8 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. on Friday, and 9 a.m.-3 p.m. on Saturday. Services are by appointment only. Additional hours are available during the week for a fee. Schedule your services now via the CutXChelle booking site or text (682) 231-3449. Make sure to inquire about CutXChelle's loyalty program.  About CutXChelle  Located in Suite 164 of the Denton Highway Salon and Spa Galleria, CutXChelle provides basic and specialized haircuts, color services, and braiding for men, women and children.  About Salon and Spa Galleria  Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With 23 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental salons. To inquire about space for rent in the Denton Highway Salon Spa and Galleria, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511083/cutxchelle-opens-at-salon-and-spa-galleria-in-haltom-city-texas) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 