# Happening Next Week! Inceptra's "New Space Insights" Seminar:

WESTON, FL, May 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Inceptra is excited to have you at our New Space Insights seminar on May 29th, 2024, OMNI Interlocken, Broomfield, CO and on May 30th, 2024, Great Wolf Lodge, Colorado Springs, CO. Dive into the entrepreneurial space age—New Space—where private organizations drive colossal advancements in tourism, exploration, and satellite technology, breaking free from government agencies' exclusive domain.   The "New Space Insights" seminar is supported by experts from Dassault Systèmes and Inceptra, who will present customer-focused benefits for the Space Industry. Seminar attendees will have a unique opportunity to gain valuable insights into the financial breakdown and opportunities in space, requirements management, systems engineering, simulation, and manufacturing process planning. Those who would benefit greatly from this content include CXOs, engineering and program managers, engineers, simulation CAE users, CAD users, and manufacturing planners.  Topics of discussion include: 1.	Mega-Constellations: Revolutionizing with Small Satellites 2.	Exploration: From Vision to Reality 3.	Rocketry & Satellite Design: Accelerating Innovation 4.	Program Excellence: Optimizing Launch Success  Explore, innovate, and be part of the New Space era reshaping the future. Whether startup, SME, or industry leader, find tools and solutions to propel your space endeavors. Join our in-person seminar to delve into the dynamic landscape, innovations, and investment opportunities.  Get set to explore the dynamic landscape of the New Era—the cosmos awaits! For more information about the seminar, including the full agenda and list of speakers, and to secure a spot, please visit the official event website at https://bit.ly/InPersonSpaceSeminar.  About Our Company: Inceptra helps engineering and manufacturing enterprises of all sizes across a variety of industries with best-fit solutions to digitally design, simulate, produce, and manage their products and processes, enabling enhanced innovation and productivity. Headquartered in Weston, FL, with resources throughout North America, we are dedicated to Dassault Systèmes' product portfolio, plus complementary solutions, and internally developed PLM acceleration solutions. Inceptra's offerings include software, support, training and consulting services, including integration services, automation services, and industry best practices. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511121/happening-next-week-inceptras-new-space-insights-seminar) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 