# The Wilhite Law Firm Provides New Interactive Car Crash Map for Dallas Drivers

DALLAS, TX, May 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Local news sources report that Dallas has the highest traffic fatality rate of the 10 largest U.S. cities. To combat this high risk, The Wilhite Law Firm has compiled Dallas car crash data into an interactive map pinpointing the city's danger zones. Users can filter by fatal wrecks, distracted driving collisions, and drunk driving accidents over a five-year period. The map displays 170 Dallas car accidents in the most recently documented year, many occurring along the city's major highways.  The page also analyzes which age groups cause the most accidents in Dallas and the common contributing factors. Data shows that the majority of the collisions were caused by speeding, followed by driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol and distracted driving. Additional resources listed on the page offer a deeper delve into Texas car accident statistics, risk factors, and safety tips.  With the knowledge of where and why Dallas car crashes often happen, drivers can anticipate what behaviors to watch for and which areas to avoid. They may take a different route to avoid a danger zone or know to practice defensive driving when a vehicle starts swerving. While even the most careful motorists cannot avoid all collisions, the DFW law firm believes their new interactive webpage offers viewers valuable information to understand safety risks while driving in the city. "With its heavy traffic and high speeds, Dallas presents unique dangers for drivers," says Majority Owner Robert Wilhite. "We want them to be as prepared and confident as possible when they get on the roads here."  To learn more about driving patterns and car accident statistics in Dallas, explore The Wilhite Law Firm's Interactive Crash Map page.  About The Wilhite Law Firm  The Wilhite Law Firm was established in 1977 with only two partners and a secretary. Since then, the highly rated personal injury firm has grown to include nearly 30 lawyers and over 90 staff members across Texas and Colorado. Their compassionate legal team is dedicated to helping injury victims demand the money they are owed after life-changing accidents. The firm has the skills and resources to stand up against insurance companies while offering outstanding service so their clients have the chance to heal. With decades of experience, they have built a solid reputation after securing millions of dollars in compensation for their deserving clients – including many multi-million-dollar recoveries.   To learn more, call or contact them online today for a free consultation with one of their experienced Texas personal injury lawyers. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511106/the-wilhite-law-firm-provides-new-interactive-car-crash-map-for-dallas-drivers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/HealthCareNewsInfo/comments/1cymtpw/dallas_traffic_fatality_data_reveals_interactive/