# Winnerz & Manny Pacquiao Foundation Co-Sponsored Children Centers

NEW YORK, NY, May 23, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Blockchain sports platform Winnerz announced that it held a joint sponsorship event for children centers with the Manny Pacquiao foundation at the Winnerz Sports Center in Gangnam, Seoul, on the May, 11th. Executives of the Manny Pacquiao foundation also attended the event.  The joint sponsorship event was designed to invite children from Happy School Regional Children Center in Daegu city and Yasa Regional Children Center in Yeongcheon city to the Winnerz Sports Center to introduce the world of boxing and MMA, provide opportunities for experience, and provide support. Through this event, children could feel the joy of phisical training and experience the positive value of sports at the same time. At this event, children experienced boxing, martial arts, and personal training (PT), and also had mentoring sessions from former and current national sports team members.   Grace, director of the Manny Pacquiao foundation, said, "The Manny Pacquiao foundation was established with missions to give communities a fighting chance, empower those less fortunate, inspire hope around the world. We will support with our partner Winnerz for boxing and sports prospects, and share various social donations and contribution activities."  "Winnerz has been engaged in continuous social contribution activities and is striving to bring positive changes to people's lives through sports. Through this co-sponsored event with the Manny Pacquiao foundation, we are pleased to be able to convey the joy of sports and the importance of exercise to children. In addition, by combining Winnerz blockchain technology with the Manny Pacquiao foundation's infrastructure, we are making our vision a reality," a Winnerz official said.  After launching its sports platform application in 2022, Winnerz Sports Center opened in Gangnam in July last year and is operating successfully under two brands: 'Winnerz PT Studio' and 'Winnerz Wrestling & MMA'. It is also actively developing businesses that encompass online and offline, including holding its own MMA league, the Winnerz Fighting Championship (WFC), matching services that connect users to sports centers and trainers, running sports concept YouTube channels and podcasts, and many others. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511059/winnerz-manny-pacquiao-foundation-co-sponsored-children-centers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/newsramp/comments/1cymsue/winnerz_and_manny_pacquiao_foundation_host_joint/