# Michelle's Salon Joins Hill Country Salon Suites Lineup

GEORGETOWN, TX, July 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Reluctant to take the next step up to ownership, despite twenty years in the hair styling industry, Michelle (owner of Michelle's Salon) one day walked into Hill Country Salon Suites, more on a whim than a sense of purpose.  The rest, as they say, is history.  Michelle engaged in discussions about the rental options and was captivated by the idea of being her own boss, setting her own schedule, and designing a space that truly encapsulated her brand. Encouraged by the freedom and flexibility of ownership, Michelle made the bold decision to take the leap and rent a suite of her own.  "They make you feel at home at Hill Country Salon Suites," Michelle says. "It feels like a big family, and everyone is supportive of everyone else. Working for myself at Hill Country Salon Suites gave me the ability to have more time to educate my clients on the wellbeing of their hair and how to maintain their beautiful new style."  Her enthusiasm is obvious and infectious: "Ever since opening at Hill Country Salon Suites, business has thrived. I found the space to express my creativity, establish my unique brand, and deliver exceptional service to my clients."  Contact information for Michelle's Salon Suite #: 114 Phone: (512) 630-1240 Email: michellefreisem@yahoo.com Located inside Hill Country Salon Suites | 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX 78633  Services available: Haircuts,hair color, hair care, styling, and waxing.  Ask about our New Client Special - $5 off  The Hill Country mission  In addition to opening the 26-salon suites in Georgetown, owners Richard Spradley and Melanie Scharton are offering tools to help salon owners take their operations to the next level. Every tenant at Hill Country Salon Suites receives access to their own HVAC thermostat control, brightly lit parking, free Wi-fi, and an HDTV with streaming capability to keep clients (and themselves!) entertained. Tenants are listed in an online salon directory, receive social media campaigns promoting their business locally, a press release to help build brand awareness, and access to a 26-step marketing program.  "We want to be the best chapter in our salon owners' careers," says Melanie. "We are here to support small business owners with the capabilities and confidence to do their work effectively and profitably, while giving the community a wonderful place to relax and realize their personal beauty goals."  More about Hill Country Salon Suites  Hill Country Salon Suites offers twenty-six salon suite rentals in Georgetown TX. Each private suite is the location for an independently owned beauty or wellness related enterprise, such as hair stylists, barbers, estheticians, med spa, nail and lashes, and even physical therapist.  For information about salon suite availabilities, call 512-380-2500 or stop in and visit at 5361 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512341/michelles-salon-joins-hill-country-salon-suites-lineup) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 