# New Partnership Announced Between Zonit and World Cord Sets

BOULDER, CO, July 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Zonit, a leader in data center power path security, redundancy and distribution, proudly announces a new stocking partnership with World Cord Sets, a prominent name in power and communications and a massive reseller of IT products. This strategic alliance is set to make Zonit's product line more accessible to IT professionals, enhancing revenues for both companies by offering reduced lead times and "Buy Now" purchasing options.  "We are thrilled to partner with World Cord Sets as our official online reseller and look forward to working with their team to make Zonit products easier to source and implement," said Jay Bradley, SVP of Sales at Zonit. Samantha Kay, VP of Sales at World Cord Sets, added, "This partnership presents a fantastic opportunity to expand World Cord Sets' offerings and support more customers with the high-quality products Zonit produces. We believe it will significantly impact our current and future IT customers."  World Cord Sets will now be the official online reseller of Zonit's patented zLock locking IEC power cords and zATS Micro, the only Zero-U power redundancy solution on the market. Zonit is excited to present these products to World Cord Sets' robust customer base through their user-friendly online shop.  For more information about Zonit, visit www.zonit.com or contact them at info@zonit.com or (720) 266-0050.  For more information about World Cord Sets, visit shop.worldcordsets.com or contact them at sales@worldcordsets.com or (860) 763-2100.  About Zonit Zonit creates, manufactures, and distributes displacement technology solutions that offer real improvements over status quo methods. Zonit develops mission critical data center infrastructure products and power reliability solutions focused on power distribution, power redundancy, and secure power connections for ITE devices and other digitally controlled industrial equipment. Zonit's goal is to help data center managers and facility managers improve uptime, reduce build and operational costs, and enhance the sustainability of their operations.  About World Cord Sets World Cord Sets specializes in manufacturing and supplying a wide range of power cords and related connectivity solutions. Their product line includes data center A/C cords, custom power supply solutions, premium locking cords and custom power cords which has allowed them to cater to a wide range of industries, including data centers, manufacturing and government for over 20 years. World Cord Sets is committed to providing exceptionable customer service along with reliable and compliant power solutions.   For media inquiries, please contact: Andrew Groustra (303) 548-7395 andrewgroustra@zonit.com Zonit 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512320/new-partnership-announced-between-zonit-and-world-cord-sets) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 