# The Mane Manuel Hair Studio Opens at Arlington Salon & Spa Galleria

ARLINGTON, TX, July 09, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Taylor Manuel is thrilled to announce the opening of her new salon, The Mane Manuel Hair Studio, in Suite #205 of the Salon and Spa Galleria S Cooper at 7807 S. Cooper Street in Arlington. The Mane Manuel Hair Studio offers traditional and specialty cuts, blow-outs, silk presses, protective styles, flat iron curls, and extension/wig services, with locs and color services "coming soon."  Salon owner Taylor Manuel is a Licensed Cosmetologist with a degree from the Ogle School of Hair, Skin and Nails in Fort Worth who integrates years of self-taught skills. Although the road to making a professional career of it was bumpy, Taylor realized as far back as middle school that hair was her calling. Since then, "I have done literally everything to my hair. I love versatility and match my style to how I'm feeling that day. Some days I'm more in tune with my quirky and chic side, and others I'm feeling more laidback and tomboyish. I like to incorporate that in business as much as possible in the way I create my space and styles."  A self-described people pleaser, Taylor takes a great deal of pride in her work. She strongly believes that healthy hair is a priority and is dedicated to helping her clients look and feel their best. Photos of satisfied customers can be viewed on the shop's Instagram page and also on TikTok@tay111ordbeauty. Says Taylor, "I just love to see people get an extra confidence boost when they look in the mirror, especially when I'm the reason behind it."   Appointments for The Mane Manuel Hair Studio can be made by calling 682-321-8232. Business hours are as early as 8:00am and go as late as 10:00pm on various days. Although she intends to serve clients by appointment only, Taylor will try to accommodate "squeeze-ins" whenever possible depending on the desired service.   In honor of the Grand Opening of her new shop, Taylor is promoting a silk press AND trim special for $90. She is excited about her new journey and appreciates the support of family and friends who have helped make her vision come to life. By leasing a suite at the Salon and Spa Galleria, she joins a group of successful business owners who are each able to offer beauty and wellness services to clients in their own private suite.  About The Mane Manuel Hair Studio The Mane Manuel Hair Studio is in Suite #205 of the Salon and Spa Galleria located at 7807 S. Cooper Street in Arlington, TX 76001. Services are provided by appointment only by contacting salon owner Taylor Manuel at (682) 321-8232.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon & Spa Galleria offers upscale salon suites for rent by independent beauty and wellness professionals who wish to serve clients in a professional yet affordable manner. With 23 locations throughout Tarrant County and Parker County, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest growing salon studio rental venues in the greater Fort Worth area. To lease a Fort Worth beauty salon suite at any of our salon locations, visit the Salon & Spa Galleria website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512170/the-mane-manuel-hair-studio-opens-at-arlington-salon-spa-galleria) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 