# Brandon Herrera Tapped As Texas State Chair For U.S. Term Limits

AUSTIN, TX, July 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Today, U.S. Term Limits announces that Brandon Herrera has agreed to be the Texas State Chair for U.S. Term Limits. Herrera brings a depth of both private and public service to this role. He has long advocated for term limits at the federal level and will work tirelessly in his role as Texas State Chair to see that Texas adopts a resolution in support of common-sense term limits.   "I am honored to serve as the Texas State Chair for U.S. Term Limits," said Brandon Herrera. "Now more than ever before, the need for term limits is crystal clear. Polls show that one issue that unites all Texans regardless of political affiliation is the need for congressional term limits.   "For many, serving in Congress has become a lifelong entitlement rather than a public service," concluded Herrera. "Term limits will help improve accountability, diversify Congress, and make government work better for all Americans."  "We are honored to have Brandon leading our efforts in Texas to pass term limits for Congress," said Philip Blumel, President of U.S. Term Limits. "Under his guidance, I am confident we will get our term limits resolution passed in Texas."  Brandon Herrera is an entrepreneur, Second Amendment activist, and social media personality. He was a Republican candidate for U.S. Congress in House District 23 in Texas.  With family originating in Texas, he was born in Fort Bragg, North Carolina with both parents being from military families. He attended Campbell University with a focus on Pre-Law before leaving to focus on starting a small business in firearm manufacturing.  Using a lifelong passion for firearms, he was able to build his business as well as a large social media following. Accumulating over half a billion views using entertainment to promote firearm safety and 2nd amendment advocacy, he has become a leader in the industry.  After increased frustration over government overreach during the COVID lockdowns of 2020, Brandon came back to his roots and moved to Texas for good, bringing his businesses and employees along with him.  He works with pro-freedom groups both in the Second Amendment community and otherwise, including notable partners such as the National Association for Gun Rights, the Firearm Policy Coalition, Gun Owners of America, and Young Americans for Liberty.  Brandon is a very strong constitutionalist who believes one of the keys to individual Liberty is limiting federal power as much as possible, and returning that power to the states to decide issues for themselves.  U.S. Term Limits is the largest grassroots term limits advocacy group in the country. We connect term limits supporters with their legislators and work to pass term limits at all levels of government, particularly on the U.S. Congress. Find out more at termlimits.org. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512875/brandon-herrera-tapped-as-texas-state-chair-for-us-term-limits)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1edag4o/brandon_herrera_named_texas_state_chair_for_us/