# Wayne Brothers Companies Names Isaiah Wayne as New President

CHARLOTTE, NC, July 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Wayne Brothers Companies, a leading Design-Build Specialty Contractor, is pleased to announce Isaiah Wayne as its new President. He succeeds his father, Keith Wayne, who will continue serving as Wayne Brothers's CEO, ensuring a smooth transition and maintaining the company's stability.  In his new role, Isaiah will not only oversee the company's strategic direction, operations, and financial performance, but also continue to champion the culture of safety, quality, and customer satisfaction that has been the cornerstone of Wayne Brothers's success. This commitment to excellence has established Wayne Brothers as a trusted partner for complex and challenging projects, and under Isaiah's leadership, we can be assured that this legacy will continue.  "Isaiah is a leader who has demonstrated his commitment and expertise in every position he has held at Wayne Brothers. I am confident that he will lead Wayne Brothers to new heights of success and performance as our new President," said Keith Wayne, President & CEO of Wayne Brothers.  Isaiah Wayne has been with Wayne Brothers for over two decades, beginning as a teenager helping to repair and maintain equipment. He then transitioned to the field, gaining valuable experience in roles such as Foreman, Supervisor, Project Manager, and Project Executive. Isaiah earned his Construction Management degree from Central Piedmont Community College and became a company stockholder in 2015. He has been the Chief Operating Officer since 2019 and is a member of the Board of Directors for Wayne Brothers Holdings.  About Us Wayne Brothers is a Southeastern Design-Build Specialty Contractor offering a diverse range of services including Engineering, Geostructural Solutions, Civil & Infrastructure, Turnkey Concrete, Piping Systems, Millwright, and Industrial Contracting Services. Clients leverage their four decades of construction and engineering experience to achieve intelligent and constructible designs. For more information, visit waynebrothers.com/company. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512858/wayne-brothers-companies-names-isaiah-wayne-as-new-president) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 