# Canada's Building Trades Unions and ARC Clean Technology collaborate for SMR workforce

GATINEAU, QC, April 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Canada's Building Trades Unions (CBTU) and ARC Clean Technology (ARC) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to develop strategies and programs to promote the employment of CBTU members in future construction projects for ARC's fleet of small modular reactors. Respect for First Nations, the environment, workforce diversity, and health and safety will be priorities for joint efforts between the two parties.  The MOU was signed at the CBTU 2024 Conference in Gatineau, Quebec.  ARC Clean Technology is developing the ARC-100, an advanced small modular reactor producing a minimum of 100 MWe of clean energy suitable for a wide range of electrical and industrial applications. ARC will deploy its technology to heavy industry, utilities, and corporations in a fleet approach, starting with the first commercial demonstration unit on the site of New Brunswick Power's existing Point Lepreau Nuclear Generating Station. In 2023, NB Power and ARC submitted a License to Prepare Site application with plans to submit a License to Construct application in 2025.  CBTU and its affiliate unions represent over 600,000 skilled trades men and women from coast to coast. They are known across industries as the safest, most-skilled and best trained workforce, with an ability to mobilize quickly and meet demand.  Quotes:  "Canada's Building Trades Unions are thrilled to be working with ARC to continue demonstrating Canadian excellence in nuclear energy as Canada transitions to a net-zero economy. This important agreement will ensure that high-quality, unionized jobs will continue to be part of the story of why Canada's nuclear industry remains world-class. We are thrilled that ARC recognizes the incredible, highly-trained Canadian skilled trades talent available to companies developing Canada's nuclear industry."  -	Sean Strickland, Executive Director of Canada's Building Trades Unions  "ARC is excited to work closely with Canada's Building Trades Unions to create jobs and economic opportunities which will benefit Canadian skilled trades professionals and communities. We have what it takes to build a world-class SMR industry here in Canada, and the workers that comprise the CBTU membership are critical to our success as we transition to a low-carbon economy."  -	Bill Labbe, President and CEO of ARC Clean Technology.  "The skilled trade men and women of the New Brunswick Building Trade Unions is proud of its partnership with Arc Clean Energy Technology. The nuclear expertise, drive and commitment by ARC coupled with our skilled trades professionals will ensure success in upcoming projects as we transition to a safe, reliable, and secure energy source for our province into the future. The added value and economic spinoffs projects like these create will not only benefit those working on the actual project, but by ARC's commitment to a local procurement strategy, it will allow for growth province wide which will positively impact local businesses, their workers, and all New Brunswick communities. We look forward to moving forward and supplying safe, reliable, and highly skilled tradespeople to do our part to ensure success for everyone involved."  -	Jean Marc Ringuette President, New Brunswick Building Trades Council  Quick Facts  •	CBTU and ARC are active participants in Canada's SMR Action Plan, Canada's plan for the development, demonstration and deployment of SMRs for multiple applications at home and abroad.  •	The commercialization of SMRs is expected to create an estimated 6,000 new jobs supporting a high-skill labour force, and add up to an estimated $10 billion to Canada's GDP between 2030 and 2040*  •	The estimated global export potential for SMRs in approximately CDN $150 billion per year from 2030 to 2040* *Source: A Call to Action: A Canadian Roadmap for Small Modular Reactors  About Canadian Building Trades Union (CBTU)  Canada's Building Trades Unions are an alliance of 14 international unions in the construction, maintenance and fabrication industries that collectively represent 600,000 skilled trades workers in Canada. Each year, our unions and our signatory contractor partners invest over $300 million in private sector money to fund and operate over 195 apprenticeship training and education facilities across Canada that produce the safest, most highly trained and productive skilled craft workers found anywhere in the world. Canada's Building Trades Unions represent members who work in more than 60 different trades and occupations and generate six per cent of Canada's GDP.  For more information, please visit: www.buildingtrades.ca  About ARC Clean Technology   ARC Clean Technology (ARC) is a clean energy technology company developing the ARC-100, an advanced small modular reactor (aSMR) offering inherently safe, reliable, and economical carbon free power. Leveraging proven technology from the 30-year performance of its prototype, the ARC-100's simple, modular design provides a minimum of 100 megawatts of electricity and industrial heat that will be cost competitive with fossil fuels. Important applications include the decarbonization of heavy industry, the fueling of low-carbon hydrogen projects, and the creation of life-saving medical isotopes. The ARC-100 has been selected by New Brunswick Power for commercial demonstration on their Point Lepreau site. ARC Clean Technology has offices in Saint John, New Brunswick and Washington, DC.  For more information, please visit: www.arc-cleantech.com  MEDIA CONTACT FOR ARC: Sandra Donnelly, Corporate Services, sdonnelly@arc-cleantech.com  MEDIA CONTACT FOR CBTU: Nathan Carr, Public Affairs Manager, ncarr@buildingtrades.ca 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510468/canadas-building-trades-unions-and-arc-clean-technology-collaborate-for-smr-workforce) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 