# GTN'S Craig Dexheimer Named Top 10 COO by OnConferences

MINNEAPOLIS, MN, April 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Global Tax Network (GTN), a leading mobility tax services firm, is thrilled to announce that Craig Dexheimer, the company's COO / Data Privacy & Security Officer, has been named an OnCon Icon Award Top 10 COO by OnConferences for the second consecutive year.  The OnCon Icon Awards recognize the top COOs worldwide, with finalists voted on by peers to determine the winners. This year's winners were presented virtually at the OnCon 2024 awards celebration on April 23. The selection process involved the collection of applications and nominations, with the finalists chosen based on their individual merits. The winners were determined through peer voting, with a focus on those who make a considerable impact on their organization, provide strong contributions to their professional community, exhibit exceptional leadership, and innovate in their career.  Dexheimer has been a cornerstone of GTN's success, leveraging his expertise to steer the company toward its mission to empower people to live and work anywhere in the world. His strategic initiatives have yielded tangible results, facilitating cross-functional collaboration, enhancing operational efficiency, and fostering a culture of innovation, transparency, and accountability. Dexheimer has cultivated an environment where every team member feels empowered to contribute their best work.   Dexheimer shared his thoughts on the award, stating, "For the second consecutive year, I'm honored and humbled to have been selected as a Top 10 COO out of over 250 finalists from around the world. This recognition underscores the commitment and passion we share at GTN to empower our clients and team members alike. It is a testament to our collaborative spirit and unwavering commitment to excellence."  Eric Loff, President of GTN, expressed his excitement in Dexheimer's achievement, stating, "Dex's consistent recognition as a top-tier COO is reflective of his outstanding leadership, his growth mindset, and his dedication to building a culture that is both accountable and fun. We are incredibly fortunate to have Dex as a pivotal member of our executive team, and this award further validates his invaluable contributions to our organization's success."  To learn more about the award, visit: https://www.onconferences.com/24-coo-winners/   ABOUT GLOBAL TAX NETWORK (GTN) GTN is a mobility tax services firm focused on empowering people to live and work anywhere in the world. They help corporate mobility program managers and mobile employees navigate cross-border tax complexities and manage risks. Their scope includes providing support for expatriates, foreign nationals, business travelers (both international and domestic), remote workers, and permanent transfers. GTN is the recipient of several industry awards for excellence, including Accounting Today's "Best Accounting Firms to Work For", as well as the INSIDE Public Accounting "Best of the Best Firms". GTN is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minn., with employees based throughout the United States. For more information, please visit gtn.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510508/gtns-craig-dexheimer-named-top-10-coo-by-onconferences)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1cgmrlk/gtns_coo_craig_dexheimer_named_oncon_icon_award/