# Newsweek Selects Boulder Care as One of World's Best Digital Health Companies

PORTLAND, OR, April 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Boulder Care, a leading provider of addiction medicine, today announced that it has been named to Newsweek's list of the World's Best Digital Health Companies 2024. This award is presented by Newsweek and Statista, Inc.  Newsweek's inaugural ranking of the World's Best Digital Health Companies extends 400 companies prestigious recognition, recognizing recipients from over 35 different countries. The winners were ranked across seven market segments: Data Analytics, Diagnostics, Health Records, Medical Management, Prevention, Telehealth, and Treatment.   Boulder Care was recognized in the Treatment category, reflecting the company's proven approach to care services delivery, commitment to quality, and industry-leading patient satisfaction.  The ranking is based on a comprehensive analysis of thousands of companies' financial performance, impact, and online engagement. For each area, Statista assessed each company's financial strength, expertise of the leadership team, and quality of its product and service offering, and engagement from users online.  "Boulder is honored to be recognized for the work our colleagues do every day to advance our mission," said Stephanie Papes Strong, Co-Founder and CEO of Boulder Care.   "We aim to dramatically change the way addiction care is accessed, delivered, and financed – particularly for the most underserved communities. Patients covered by Medicaid or living in rural areas confront high barriers to getting the help they deserve."   Boulder Care partners with leading health plans to extend services to members at no out-of-pocket cost: a differentiated approach that reflects the company's ability to serve patients with complex clinical and social needs, while delivering significant cost savings to insurers.  "Digital innovation is critical at a time when 50 million Americans are battling substance use disorder, and fewer than 5% of clinicians are able to treat it under the status quo. With team-based care, novel payment models, and technology, Boulder is closing this gap."  The company recently announced results of a longitudinal study in which 96% of participants in Boulder Care remained engaged in medication-based treatment at 24 weeks — more than 3 times the national average – and achieved better clinical outcomes than a "treatment as usual" cohort.  Boulder Care is a digital clinic that offers high-quality treatment and long-term support for patients overcoming substance use disorders. Dedicated care teams collaborate across medical, behavioral, and psychosocial dimensions to deliver evidence-based care and help patients work toward their unique recovery goals. Millions of people have access to Boulder Care through leading health plans and employers. For more information, please visit www.boulder.care or contact us at press@boulder.care. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510497/newsweek-selects-boulder-care-as-one-of-worlds-best-digital-health-companies) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 