# PaymentVision and Maxyfi Cooperate to Offer Comprehensive Financial Management Solutions for Collection Agencies and Accounts Receivables Teams

JACKSONVILLE, FL, July 08, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- PaymentVision, a market leader that provides secure and robust payment processing solutions, and Maxyfi, a top provider of debt collection and accounts receivable software, today announced a strategic collaboration. This collaboration brings together PaymentVision's secure payment gateway for credit cards, debit cards, ACH, and checks with Maxyfi's innovative debt collection and accounts receivable software solutions.  This new synergy offers companies in the debt collection and account receivables verticals a comprehensive and efficient approach to financial management. Businesses can leverage PaymentVision's secure payment processing solutions to streamline their collections process, while Maxyfi's software helps them manage outstanding receivables and automate debt collection efforts.  "We are excited to work together with Maxyfi to provide businesses with a one-stop shop for their payment processing and receivables management needs," said Scott Wittosch, Director of Sales and Partnership of PaymentVision. "By combining our solutions, we can help businesses improve their cash flow, reduce delinquencies, plus save time and money."  About PaymentVision PaymentVision is a leading provider of secure and simple payment processing solutions. The company offers a wide range of payment processing solutions, including gateways for credit cards, ACH, debit cards, and checks. PaymentVision is committed to providing its clients with the highest level of security and service. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512319/paymentvision-and-maxyfi-cooperate-to-offer-comprehensive-financial-management-solutions-for-collection-agencies-and-accounts-receivables-teams) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 