# "Madness & Mayhem: Deadly Darkness in the Dry Tortugas" by Angela Grey & Paige Peterson is Available Now at All Major Online Retailers

MINNEAPOLIS, MN, July 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Southwest Metro authors Angela Grey and Paige Peterson have just released their latest mystery novel, replete with romance and suspense. This action-packed romance with suspense undertones is poised to captivate readers from their teens to late adulthood with its engaging characters and imaginative storytelling. The authors' passion for creating vibrant, relatable characters shines through in "Madness & Mayhem: Deadly Darkness in the Dry Tortugas." It crafts authentic dialogue that immerses readers in the interpersonal conflict while revealing their circumstances in the beautiful setting of Garden and Loggerhead Keys in the Dry Tortugas, 68 miles from civilization off Key West, FL.  "Madness & Mayhem" follows a pair of Twin Cities architects and nearly a dozen other campers who are seemingly strangers as they embark upon a primitive camping adventure on the tiny island where Fort Jefferson is located. As their paths intertwine, they must navigate an amazingly beautiful landscape described articulately, filled with both beauty and danger, as a serial killer lurks among them. As relationships develop, the stakes grow higher amidst unexpected twists that promise to keep readers on the edge of their seats. Drawing from their own travel experiences and fueled by boundless imagination, Grey and Peterson crafted a tale that resonates with readers on a deep emotional level.  "Madness & Mayhem (Deadly Darkness in the Dry Tortugas) is told in alternating timelines of then and now. After what seemed to be a slow start in the beginning, the reader will be pleasantly delighted as the tale picks up pace. The novel is full of notable and distinctive characters, and each one raises the suspicion that someone within the group is the culprit. The sequence of events and the motivation behind the murders unravel and peak in a thrilling ending. Angela Grey and Paige Peterson have expertly crafted a narrative with a deft plot that culminates in a surprising resolution. The descriptions of the island are vivid, accurate, and masterfully articulated, indicating that the authors are familiar with the island and camping life. In addition to the prevalent themes of friendship and trust, the authors have tactfully raised awareness of mental illness. Readers who enjoy romantic suspense and murder mysteries will enjoy this book," as reviewed by Angelique Papayannopoulos for Readers' Favorite.  "Madness and Mayhem...combines romance, murder, and mystery. The story takes place in a picturesque national park in America. Peterson and Grey highlight the unique features of the location with detailed descriptions of the abundant wildlife and a bit of the region's history, drawing the reader in and making them want to visit the area for themselves. As the plot unfolds, the authors emphasize how the dynamics of relationships within this group are ever-changing, resulting in impressive character development as the characters' origin stories gradually reveal themselves. With deft use of questions to create a climate of mistrust between strangers, the authors craft engaging dialogues that will stimulate readers to look for clues. The narrative unfolds at breakneck speed as the revelations emerge, heightening the suspense and fostering a sense of urgency. Romance fans looking for something a little off the beaten track will also enjoy this novel," as reviewed by Essien Asian for Readers' Favorite.  Shady Oak Press is home to authors Angela Grey and Paige Peterson, a mother-daughter duo from the Twin Cities area. Angela Grey has created memorable moving tales about the sometimes unexpected and challenging road to first love: Secret Whispers (a story about schizophrenia), Déjà vu (a tale about a teen with bipolar disorder), and Of Laughter & Heartbreak (a piece about obsessive-compulsive disorder). Angela enjoys budget travel, camping, grilling/BBQs with family, yoga, and spirituality classes. Paige Peterson received her bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of St. Thomas and an additional bachelor's degree from Rasmussen University. She resides in the suburban Twin Cities with her husband, two cats, and a dog. She's a lover of coffee, all things travel-related, and camping alongside Lake Superior.  Get your copy today at: https://amzn.to/3Lb1cxn  Press inquiries or requests for review materials should be directed to: Angela Grey Email: AngelaGrey@ShadyOakPress.com  You can find Angela Grey online here: Goodreads: @angelagrey  X/Twitter: @angelaellengrey Instagram: @angelaellengrey TikTok: @authorangelagrey Facebook: @authorangelagrey website: ShadyOakPress.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512162/madness-mayhem-deadly-darkness-in-the-dry-tortugas-by-angela-grey-paige-peterson-is-available-now-at-all-major-online-retailers) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 