# Speaker Line-up Announced for SuperInvestor, Monaco

MONTE CARLO, MONACO, July 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- SuperReturn, the world's leading series of private capital events, has launched its agenda and initial line-up of speakers for its annual SuperInvestor conference, which is taking place at the prestigious Grimaldi Forum in Monte Carlo, Monaco, from 5-8 November 2024.   More than 200 speakers and thought leaders will share cutting-edge perspectives on the most pressing challenges and opportunities in fundraising, secondaries, LP allocations, co-investments and more over four days of unrivalled knowledge sharing and networking.   Speakers include Nico Rosberg, former Formula One World Champion and CEO of Rosberg Ventures. Winner of the Monaco Grand Prix on three occasions, Rosberg will present a session on his transition from F1 World Champion to business entrepreneur.  Other speakers include: •	Dana Haimoff, Managing Director, Portfolio Manager at JP Morgan Asset Management •	Dörte Höppner, Chief Sustainability Officer/ Managing Director, Fundraising & Investor Relations at The Riverside Company •	Yalin Karadogan, Partner at LeapFrog Investments •	Lindsey McMurray, Managing Partner at Pollen Street Capital •	Cem Meric, Partner at LGT Capital Partners •	Imogen Richards, Partner, Head of European Primaries at Pantheon •	Miriam Schmitter, Managing Director at CF Private Equity  Taking place in Monaco for the first time, the event is expected to gather a record 3,000+ decision-makers, including 1,000+ senior LPs and 1,500+ leading GPs, from over 60 countries. The congress and cultural centre's abundance of meeting areas and outdoor space offers private equity professionals unparalleled networking opportunities.   The agenda, available here, will continue to be updated, with more speakers to be added in the coming weeks.  "This year, SuperInvestor is stepping up its game to offer top quality LPs and GPs a top quality locale in the vibrant new destination of Monte Carlo," said Dorothy Kelso, Global Head of SuperReturn. "With 80% of the audience expected to be C-level/directors/partners and with more ways to connect than ever before, there will be no better place to catch up with industry friends, make new connections and share notes for success in private markets investing."   In addition to the main agenda, SuperInvestor will host four one-day specialist summits on 5 November for attendees to delve deeper and connect with GPs and LPs with the same interests. The summits will be focused on fundraising, investing in sports, private debt and secondaries. For more details on the event and to register to attend, please visit: https://informaconnect.com/superinvestor/.  Sponsors of this year's event include PitchBook, KBRA, Akin and MGG Investment Group.  About SuperInvestor  SuperInvestor is where meetings become investments. The new destination to meet LPs and GPs with more ways to connect than ever before. Part of the SuperReturn series of leading private equity events which take place across the world.   The four-day conference will bring together more than 3,000 of the industry's leading professionals from across the world to network and discuss current trends and opportunities in the global private markets.  Contacts BackBay Communications Amisha Mehta, +44 203 475 7551 amisha.mehta@backbaycommunications.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512175/speaker-line-up-announced-for-superinvestor-monaco)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/FinancialNewsramp/comments/1dtpwe2/superreturn_launches_agenda_and_speaker_lineup/