# Valencia's Splendid Lifestyle Menu Delights These Buyers

SANTA CLARITA VALLEY, CA, July 01, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Paul and Gaynor Butler are originally from England and have traveled widely since leaving their native land. When they decided to find a new home, Rowan at Valencia by FivePoint was their choice. Rowan is a stylish collection of paired homes by Tri Pointe Homes.   "Valencia held many attractions for us when we purchased our home at Rowan in 2023, and chief among them is how inspirational this place is for us," said Gaynor.   "We work at home, and love that all you need to do for a great break is walk outside and take in the beautiful panorama of hills and sky," said Paul, "or stroll through the neighborhood and enjoy views and open space."  Valencia's open space features Confluence Park, an award-winning core amenity. Places to play here include open lawn areas for free form enjoyment, an adventure playground, trails, an array of pools, and the clubhouse, with indoor/outdoor seating and dining spaces. The community plan also features 10,000 acres of permanently protected open space.   Versatile home designs also scored highly with Paul and Gaynor, making the transition to working at home a smooth one. "We own Newleaf Training and Development, a staff training and leadership development company, and we leased an office locally for 16 years," said Paul. "But we found post-COVID and now that the kids have grown and flown the nest, we didn't need that office for us or our employees. So, we converted our third bedroom into an office for Gaynor and me."  Valencia's many choices for activities and neighborly interaction have also proven to be versatile and just right for this sociable pair. "We dived right in, and launched the FivePoint Hiking Club right away," said Paul.   "We also love Farmscape and its programs, and Gaynor just joined the neighborhood gardening club. Plus, we'll be changing our car to an electric within a few years, and we're happy to have the plug-ins right here."  "We have traveled widely since leaving England, and now we have the United Nations right here at home," said Gaynor. "We love this cultural diversity, and the range of people older than we are and younger.  "Via a block party we organized, we made an effort to get to know our neighbors and it's been great," Gaynor added. "We keep it informal, and neighbors mingle outside, or in a kitchen or back yard, and they bring friends or family who are visiting, and we all have a great time."  "Valencia is tight knit, and we love that. Now we look forward to future development here, and to more pedestrian pathways," said Paul. "We'd also love to see some retail, a coffee shop we can walk to, and a library."  Valencia offers an array of new home collections by some of the nation's most prominent builders, with sales in initial stages to final phases and model homes. To see more of the community and details on all new home opportunities, please visit www.valencia.com   Start with this online check and plan your personal visit. Take the Magic Mountain Parkway exit from the I-5 and head up the hill to Navigation Avenue. Check postings before heading for your model tours.   Contact Valencia builders for the latest on their new homes. Lennar offers opportunities at Element, Outlook, Peak and Solaire. Visit www.lennar.com or call 888-216-2494.   Also selling are KB's Sage designs. Visit www.kbhome.com or call 888-524-6637 to learn more about Sage and KB's planned upcoming collection. Toll Brothers offers Skylar and Volara luxury designs. Call 844-700-8655 or visit www.tollbrothers.com.   For Torrin by Richmond American Homes, call 909-345-1143 and visit www.richmondamerican.com For Calla and Rowan by TriPointe Homes, call 949-339-3596 or email a New Home Specialist at OC-LA@TriPointeHomes.com  FivePoint is a California company that designs and develops mixed-use planned communities in the state's most dynamic coastal markets. FivePoint is noted for integrating residential, commercial, retail, schools and entertainment and recreational elements, including civic areas for parks and open space. www.fivepoint.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512156/valencias-splendid-lifestyle-menu-delights-these-buyers)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/RealEstate_NewsRamp/comments/1dtpwqa/british_expats_find_perfect_home_at_rowan_at/