# Coconut Software Welcomes Brady Murphy as Chief Revenue Officer

TORONTO, ON, April 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Coconut Software, a leading provider of customer engagement solutions for financial institutions, today announced the appointment of Brady Murphy as Chief Revenue Officer. With more than two decades of experience scaling B2B technology companies, Brady brings valuable knowledge and expertise to help Coconut Software further position itself as an industry disruptor as it scales its operations for future growth.  Reporting directly into CEO Katherine Regnier, Brady will lead the company's global revenue organization and go-to-market strategies, while enhancing operational efficiencies. His responsibilities will include accelerating revenue growth, capitalizing on new market opportunities, and scaling the sales, marketing, account management, and client success functions. He'll hold a critical role driving opportunities for durable growth by serving as trusted advisor and strategic partner to the Coconut Software community, including financial institutions, credit unions, and banks.  A widely respected transformational growth leader, Brady most recently served as co-founder and CRO of AlayaCare, an AI-driven leader in global home healthcare software. During Brady's decade-long tenure, AlayaCare scaled its operations substantially, including achieving double digit growth, surpassing one billion patient visits around the world, and securing Series D financing.  Throughout his career, Brady has demonstrated exceptional leadership and a strategic vision that has driven growth and innovation. During the digital explosion of the mid-2000s, he co-founded a pioneering mobile marketing agency, where he played a pivotal role in transforming the marketing landscape by introducing groundbreaking mobile strategies to brands. This early venture not only revolutionized mobile marketing but also laid the foundation for future advancements in digital marketing.  "Brady's track record of driving organizational transformation, achieving business growth, and delivering exceptional people experiences will scale-up our organization for the benefit of our customers, partners, and employees," said Katherine Regnier, CEO, Coconut Software. "With his extensive experience in B2B SaaS, coupled with his strong commitment to building company culture, Brady is an ideal fit to lead our revenue organization as we continue our mission of modernizing the experiences financial institutions deliver to their customers and members."  "With its impressive roster of clients, award-winning products, and bold vision as an industry disruptor, Coconut Software is in a pivotal moment in its transformation journey," said Brady Murphy, CRO, Coconut Software. "The company's commitment to people, passion, and performance is infectious, I'm excited work with Katherine and the rest of the team to continue raising the bar."  About Coconut Software  Coconut Software is a leading provider of customer engagement solutions for financial institutions. Our innovative platform enables banks and credit unions to deliver personalized customer experiences through online appointment scheduling, lobby management, and virtual queuing solutions. With Coconut Software, financial institutions can streamline operations, drive revenue growth, and exceed customer expectations. Visit www.coconutsoftware.com for more information. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509827/coconut-software-welcomes-brady-murphy-as-chief-revenue-officer)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1bwbv94/coconut_software_appoints_brady_murphy_as_chief/