# Luxurious Spa Facilities Coming to Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes Riverland in Port St. Lucie

PORT ST. LUCIE, FL, April 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes rapidly growing Riverland master-planned community in Port St. Lucie has recently announced yet another addition to its already impressive lineup of amenities for its residents in Port St. Lucie to indulge in – a luxurious spa and nail salon.   Located right within Riverland's Wellness & Fitness Center, residents will enjoy the ultimate haven of serenity with this forthcoming luxurious spa and nail salon. Riverland will delve into the essence of self-care amidst its cutting-edge facilities, boasting a meticulously crafted nail salon, a serene lounge area, a rejuvenating hydrotherapy zone, private massage rooms for both individuals and couples, as well as dedicated spaces for skin and body treatments. Every detail is set to be designed to elevate the 55+ living experience for residents of Riverland's current Valencia communities, offering the epitome of the finest lifestyle for seniors in Port St. Lucie.  This latest amenity addition comes on the heels of several other exciting and large enhancements recently announced for Riverland, including a Town Center and Sports & Racquet Club expansion. The Riverland Town Center will feature a new retail and commercial complex that will be anchored by Publix, and span approximately 35 acres. Once complete with the expansion, the Sports & Racquet Club at Riverland will be a sprawling 24-acre hub boasting a grand total of 53 pickleball courts, 15 tennis courts, and 20 bocce courts, as well as a 51,000 square-foot Wellness & Fitness Center where the new spa and nail salon will be located.  These expansions are poised to elevate the living experience at Riverland by introducing fresh retail and dining choices alongside the latest wellness and fitness facilities. Accessible via the Paseo Greenway – Riverland's distinctive pedestrian, bike, and golf cart-friendly pathways – these amenities promise convenience and luxury living. Boasting upscale single-family residences and resort-style amenities tailored to active adults and retirees, Riverland embodies a dynamic lifestyle complemented by unrivaled facilities seamlessly connected by its extensive traffic-free Paseo and greenways.   With its array of new and enticing amenities on the horizon and exceptional value offered in new homes, there has never been a better time to get in on the extraordinary 55+ lifestyle available at Itchko Ezratti's GL Homes' Valencia Parc at Riverland. To learn more about Valencia Parc at Riverland, call 772-226-9000 or visit GLHomes.com/Valencia-Parc-at-Riverland today.  About GL Homes  GL Homes was founded in 1976, and has since become a true American success story. Built by Itchko Ezratti, who believed that hard work, integrity, and quality craftsmanship would be key in the Florida marketplace, he has helped to grow GL Homes into one of today's largest homebuilders. At GL Homes, Misha Ezratti, son of company founder Itchko Ezratti, now serves as President and is responsible for leading operations across the state of Florida.   Misha Ezratti continues to be steadfast in preserving the organizational culture instilled by his father, emphasizing that employees and customers are an integral part of the GL Homes family. Both Itchko Ezratti and Misha Ezratti believe that employee dedication significantly enriches the overall customer experience. Those enduring values are reflected in every home built by GL Homes today. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509830/luxurious-spa-facilities-coming-to-itchko-ezrattis-gl-homes-riverland-in-port-st-lucie) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 