# Spotter Global, the Leader in Compact Surveillance Radar, Launches an unprecedented 4 New Radars & 3 Radar Updates at ISC West 2024

OREM, UT, April 05, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- To better safeguard critical infrastructure and commercial sites against the rising numbers of ground-based and airborne threats, Spotter Global Radar Development team has been extremely busy and is pleased to announce the launch of several new and updated radars to extend surveillance range, further reduce false alarms, enhance threat detection and identification, reduce installation costs and prevent harm. Come see a live preview of the new radars presented by Ken Gardner, Product Manager and Ali Mahmood Hardware Manager at ISC West in Vegas on April 10th and 11th at 10:30am and 3pm Pacific at booth #19125.  The new Spotter Global radars will include:   C1200: A new, long range radar that can pick up vehicle and small boat perimeter breaches from 2km away and on-foot intruders from 1500m away, making it ideal for maritime, ports, oil & gas platforms, airport, and other larger critical infrastructures sites.   GX1000: Detects walking targets from 1000m, vehicle targets at 1500m and includes new, Active PoE compatibility.   GK100: Detects walking targets from 100m range, vehicle targets at 200m and includes new, Active PoE compatibility.   GK150: Detects walking targets from 150m range, vehicle targets at 250m and includes new, Active PoE compatibility.  Updated Spotter Global radars includes:   AX 250 1.9: The newest version of Spotter's 3D Drone detection system is optimized for use in high EM (electromagnetic) environments as well as improved cable routing and enhanced physical design.  C20 2.0 & C40 2.0: The newest versions of the C20 & C40 radar models feature improved angular resolution for better real-time target tracking.  "With the release of the GX, GK, and updated AX250 radars, customers will be able to apply Spotter perimeter security solutions to more locations, overcoming obstacles of cost-effectiveness, system compatibility, high electromagnetic environments, and specific site range-of-detection needs," says Logan Harris, President of Spotter Global. "We're excited to work with our trusted security partners to get these products out to the critical infrastructure locations and other sites that need them."  Spotter Global was founded 15 years ago to enable Protectors of Critical Infrastructure and Warfighters to Prevent Harm to themselves and their facilities. Spotter Global offers perimeter security solutions built around compact Spotter radars for both ground target and drone detection, for individual sites and for enterprise level security systems.   Spotter Global supports its worldwide customer base with Field Service Engineers and Business liaisons stationed around the globe and is proud to operate, manufacture, design and assemble all Spotter products, including software in the USA. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/509815/spotter-global-the-leader-in-compact-surveillance-radar-launches-an-unprecedented-4-new-radars-3-radar-updates-at-isc-west-2024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 