# Globalmanagergroup.com Has Introduced Document Kit as Per Latest Version of ISO 20121:2024

NEWARK, NJ, July 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- In February 2024, ISO.org has updated the version of ISO 20121 standard. In today's event management, the push for sustainability is paramount. ISO 20121 emerges as a pivotal resource, guiding organizations toward practices that are more ethical, eco-friendly, and socially conscious. In very short time of the release of the standard, Globalmanagergroup.com's experienced team has prepared and introduced ISO 20121:2024 documentation kit that satisfies total documentation requirements of the revised standard.  ISO 20121:2024 gives means for all organizations to demonstrate conformance to the standards while emphasizing human rights and event legacies. To help businesses smoothly incorporate sustainability into all aspects of their event planning and execution, ISO 20121 is a shining example of sustainable event management. To assist businesses in implementing and certifying their Event Sustainability Management system, Global Manager Group has developed an ISO 20121 Documentation and Awareness Training kit as per latest version of the standard's requirements.  Globalmanagergroup.com is delighted to update the version of ISO 20121:2024 documents in short time that is covering more than 120 editable MS Word files and training presentations in this package for Event Sustainability Management system. The kit contains 06 exhibit documents, 18 mandatory procedures covering purpose, scope, and responsibility, an editable ESMS manual in the form of 14 Word files, and 25 standard operating procedures.   Additionally, 51 editable blank sample forms are included for system building and record-keeping. An audit checklist with more than 150 questions based on ISO 20121 criteria for every department is also included in the kit. A job description, an operational monitoring plan, a risk analysis report, and an ISO 20121 document compliance matrix in Excel are all included in the kit. With the help of the kit, businesses may accelerate the ISO 20121 certification process and develop control and procedures in their event sustainability management systems (ESMS).  The presentation parts of the kit include ppt slides on an overview of ISO 20121, 75 slides of requirements, and 14 slides of event management documentation. The literature includes handouts, workshops, and case studies to provide a comprehensive understanding of ISO 20121 requirements. All the documents for ISO 20121 certification are written in simple English language. Free DEMO and sample documents are given on the website to review the list of the content covered in the kit which define the foundational framework for event sustainability management systems. An ESMS Manual, Procedures, Standard Operating Procedures, and Audit checklists created by experienced consultants are all included in the ISO 20121 documentation and training kit. To learn more about the ISO 20121 documentation package, follow the link here: https://www.globalmanagergroup.com/Products/iso-20121-documents-manual-training.htm  A simple and inexpensive method to become certified in a variety of fields, including quality management, AI management systems, food safety, environmental management, and occupational health and safety management systems, is provided by GlobalManagerGroup.com, an accredited management system consultant with over 25 years of experience. They are proficient in many ISO standards, such as ISO 27001, CMMI, HACCP, ISO 9001, IFS food, ISO 22000, and ISO 42001. For a number of worldwide systems and management certifications, they also offer pre-made study aids and PowerPoint presentations. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512917/globalmanagergroupcom-has-introduced-document-kit-as-per-latest-version-of-iso-201212024) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 