# Vintage Atelier Now Open and Scheduling Appointments at Salon & Spa Galleria South Cooper in Arlington, Texas

ARLINGTON, TX, July 30, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Ever since she was a little girl, Tayye Green enjoyed working with hair. Now, she's doing it for a living, and loving every moment at Salon & Spa Galleria S. Cooper in Arlington, Texas.  "Hair has always been my first love," Green said. "It made perfect sense for me to follow that love and pursue a career working with hair." A graduate of the Ogle School of Beauty and Cosmetology in Arlington, Green has six years of experience in the industry.   Green says she is known for her braids and textured hair health, and enjoys sharing her knowledge with clients.   "I genuinely care about the health of your hair," Green said. "And because I care, I'm willing to teach you." To help clients complete their look, Green has a selection of bonnets and durags available for sale in her shop.   Vintage Atelier is currently accepting new clients by appointment only. To accommodate her clients' needs, Green offers services from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Friday.   To celebrate her shop's opening, Green is offering a 20-percent discount on clients' first and second services. You can learn more about Vintage Atelier by visiting Green's Instagram page. To schedule an appointment, visit Green's booking site. To contact Green with any questions about services or to inquire about an appointment, you can send her a text at (682) 279-1932.  Conveniently located close to numerous businesses, shopping centers, and several major highway interchanges, Vintage Atelier in the Salon and Spa Galleria South Cooper is easily accessible from any direction. There is plenty of free parking for customers, and the building is handicap accessible, with wide hallways.   About Vintage Atelier Located inside the Salon and Spa Galleria South Cooper, Vintage Atelier offers a variety of services for men and women, including silk press; a variety of braids; Bantu knots; sew-ins; and beard trims; along with hot towel treatments and facials. See some of their work on Instagram. Book online or call/text (682) 279-1932.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon and Spa Galleria offers salon suites designed for independent beauty and wellness professionals. With 22 locations in the United States, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest-growing, privately held salon studio rental salons. To inquire about space for rent in Salon and Spa Galleria S Cooper, visit the salon chain's website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/512539/vintage-atelier-now-open-and-scheduling-appointments-at-salon-spa-galleria-south-cooper-in-arlington-texas) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 