# Mel's Massage Studio Opens at Salon & Spa Galleria North Richland Hills

NORTH RICHLAND HILLS, TX, September 26, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Melanie Cosby is pleased to announce the opening of her new establishment, Mel's Massage Studio, located in Suite #118 of the Salon and Spa Galleria Rufe Snow at 7720 Rufe Snow Drive in North Richland Hills, Texas.  With over twenty years of experience in the industry, Mel takes pride in her ability to identify problem areas and address them in a way that best suits each individual client's issues. Said Mel, "I love making people feel better and get the results they are hoping for in their sessions. I tailor any massage to their needs."  Services offered include Therapeutic Massage Therapy, Swedish Massage, Deep Tissue Massage, Hot Stone, Sports Massage, Prenatal, Relaxation, and Relaxology. Sessions can be scheduled for one hour, 1 ½ hour, and/or two-hour timeframes.  Mel's dedication to providing quality service in a relaxing atmosphere is reflected in the five-star reviews that have begun to accumulate on her new website:  "Melanie is wonderfully professional and offers a variety of massages from relaxing to deep tissue. I highly recommended Mel."  "Very punctual and great massage. Knows how to treat muscle soreness and aches!"  Mel is amazing. She does such a great job focusing on the areas I need the most work on."  "Wow!! Mel is fabulous. I cannot say enough about how great I felt when I left my massage… I highly recommend Mel! You won't regret it!"   About Mel's Massage Studio The studio is located in Suite #118 of the Salon and Spa Galleria located at 7720 Rufe Snow Drive Pkwy in North Richland Hills, Texas. Hours are Monday from 3 pm to 6 pm. Tuesday from 9 am to 6 pm. Wednesday and Thursday from 3 pm to 6:30 pm. Appointments can be made online at Mel's Massage Studio or by contacting Mel at (682) 365-1508.  About Salon and Spa Galleria Salon & Spa Galleria offers upscale salon suites for rent by independent beauty and wellness professionals who wish to serve clients in a professional yet affordable manner. With twenty-three locations throughout Tarrant County and Parker County, Salon and Spa Galleria is one of the fastest growing salon studio rental venues in the greater Fort Worth area. To lease a Fort Worth beauty salon suite at any of our salon locations, visit the Salon & Spa Galleria website. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514630/mels-massage-studio-opens-at-salon-spa-galleria-north-richland-hills) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 