# Crete United Expands Service Area into Iowa with Addition of Hometown Mechanical

CHARLOTTE, NC, September 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Crete United ("Crete"), a leading provider of energy efficiency and HVAC, electrical, and other mechanical ("MEP") services, is pleased to announce its strategic alliance with Hometown Mechanical.   Hometown Mechanical is an award-winning full-service mechanical contractor offering commercial and industrial solutions. Based in Davenport, IA, Hometown serves the Quad Cities and all of eastern Iowa.   "As soon as I met Mike O'Day it was clear that Hometown Mechanical embodies Crete United's culture of excellence," said Mike Cox, CEO of Crete United. "Partnering with Hometown Mechanical extends our reach into Eastern Iowa and opens the door for near-term expansion into the Des Moines market, and we were particularly interested in their growing service division."   Founded in 1983, Hometown Mechanical is rooted in long-standing customer relationships focused on safety and quality execution.   "For more than 40 years, we've cultivated a strong reputation of customer satisfaction," said Mike O'Day, President of Hometown Mechanical. "Aligning with Crete United reinforces our commitment to our customers and extends our capabilities."  About Crete United  Crete United is a nationwide multi-service building solutions provider with a vast network of local partners who are united in improving the communities they serve and the built environments within. The company provides energy efficiency-focused building services through its partners across non-residential HVAC, electrical, plumbing, building automation, controls, and other sustainable energy solutions. Crete United delivers the resources and reach of a large organization while allowing its partners to maintain the freedom to continue operating their successful businesses.   About Hometown Mechanical  Based in Davenport, Iowa, Hometown is a full-service commercial and industrial mechanical contractor. Committed to excellence since 1983, our team of industry professionals is prepared to deliver your projects safely, on time and within budget. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514357/crete-united-expands-service-area-into-iowa-with-addition-of-hometown-mechanical) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 