# IFPG Celebrates Six Years as Entrepreneur's Top Franchise Broker Organization

PARLIN, NJ, September 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- For the sixth consecutive year, the International Franchise Professionals Group (IFPG) has been recognized as the No. 1 franchise broker organization on Entrepreneur's prestigious Top Franchise Suppliers list. This ranking, featured in the September/October issue of Entrepreneur magazine and on Entrepreneur.com, honors the top-ranked service providers across 11 categories, highlighting an often-overlooked aspect of franchising: suppliers and vendors. Not only was IFPG ranked No. 1 in the broker category, but it also received recognition as a top supplier in the events category for its annual conference, the IFPG Retreat. "We couldn't be more excited about this," said IFPG CEO and Founder Don Daszkowski. "Our team puts tremendous effort into making the IFPG Retreat truly special and better each and every year. I'm thrilled to see our hard work and dedication being recognized on such a significant level."  The IFPG Retreat is the company's signature event of the year, bringing together hundreds of IFPG members, including franchising's most respected consultants, franchisors and vendors. This annual event offers a lively mix of educational sessions, networking opportunities, workshops and presentations, all known for their high-quality content and welcoming atmosphere. "Our mission is to connect franchise professionals and help them build strong relationships. We excel at this, and that's why we continually attract the best in the business," said IFPG President Red Boswell.  Entrepreneur's Top Franchise Suppliers ranking is based on an annual survey of franchisors, from emerging brands to some of the oldest in the industry. This year, a record 1,100-plus franchise brands participated, telling Entrepreneur which suppliers they and their franchisees work with and rating their satisfaction with those suppliers' services in the areas of quality, cost, and value. Each supplier receives a score based on the survey results, and the top-scoring suppliers are ranked within their respective categories.  "The suppliers on our list passed the most important test of all: They were recommended by their clients!" says Jason Feifer, editor in chief of Entrepreneur magazine. "We love surveying franchisors and asking their opinions on suppliers, because we know they're eager to praise the suppliers who make a true difference in their business. And that knowledge helps everyone."  To view IFPG in the Top Franchise Suppliers list, pick up the September/October issue of Entrepreneur magazine, on newsstands September 24th, or visit https://www.entrepreneur.com/franchises/top-franchise-suppliers starting September 17th.  The International Franchise Professionals Group (IFPG) is a membership-based organization that connects franchisors, franchise consultants, vendors and other professionals within franchising. IFPG offers resources, networking opportunities and support to help franchise professionals grow their businesses and succeed.  IFPG is known for its inclusive culture and comprehensive approach to franchise consulting and broker services, offering training, certification, and a platform to collaborate and find the right opportunities for aspiring business owners. IFPG also plays a significant role in franchising by setting standards for ethical and responsible franchise practices. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514364/ifpg-celebrates-six-years-as-entrepreneurs-top-franchise-broker-organization)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1fistks/ifpg_named_no_1_franchise_broker_organization_for/