# iuvo Ranked Among Elite Managed Service Providers on Channel Futures 2024 Next Generation List

BOSTON, MA, September 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- iuvo has been named as one of the world's premier managed service providers on the prestigious 2024 Next Generation rankings.  The Next Generation list, affiliated with the MSP 501, honors industry-leading managed service and technology providers who drive a new wave of growth and innovation for the tech channel via ground-breaking solutions delivered to their customers. Many of these MSPs generate recurring revenue from cloud, security, unified communications, and other solutions to small, medium, and large clients.  Due to their growth, drive, and innovation, these MSPs represent the future of the technology channel and IT industry. This year's Next Generation winners were selected from applications received for the 2024 MSP 501.  Channel Futures is pleased to name iuvo to the 2024 Next Generation.  "It is an incredible honor and a true reflection of who we are at iuvo," said iuvo President and CEO Bryon Beilman when asked what being named to the 2024 Next Generation rankings means to him and the team at iuvo. "It validates our forward-thinking approach and reaffirms that we're not just keeping up with the industry— we're leading it. When we look at iuvo, we see a Next Generation company that is consistently ahead of the curve. Our commitment to innovation and excellence sets us apart from the competition, and our motto, "Follow our Lead," captures how we guide our clients and the industry toward future success."  When asked what sets iuvo apart in the managed service space Beilman stated, "What truly sets iuvo apart is our commitment to hiring the best talent, resulting in the highest experience density in the industry. Competitors often wonder how we manage to have senior experts providing direct service rather than relying on less experienced, lower-cost resources. The answer lies in our dedication to quality—and it's something our clients truly value, as shown by our exceptional referral rate. We dedicate significant effort to delivering something most MSPs struggle to achieve: a customized, bespoke service alongside automated, compliant, and reliable IT infrastructure. By building a rock-solid foundation for our clients, we're able to focus on their evolving business needs and drive meaningful growth and success."  Channel Futures recognizes the channel partner communities for their innovation and contributions to the IT industry. The Next Generation represents that effort.  "Constant innovation is the lifeblood of the tech industry," said Dave Raffo, manager of the MPS 501 and Next Generation programs. "These MSPs drive that innovation and build sales and marketing strategies around them. I enjoy watching these companies grow and develop and expect many of them will become among the biggest managed service providers in the industry if they're not already there."  The data collected by the annual Next Generation and MSP 501 lists drive Channel Futures' market intelligence insights. Channel Futures uses these robust data sets and data-based trend reports to support editorial coverage, event programming, community and networking strategies and educational offerings.  "These companies are providing innovative approaches to customer solutions and partner engagement never seen before," said Robert DeMarzo, vice president of content for Informa Tech Channels. "They drive the future growth of the channel."  Background  The 2024 MSP 501 and Next Generation lists are based on data collected by Channel Futures online from February to May 2024. The MSP 501 list recognizes top managed service providers based on metrics including recurring revenue, profit margin and other factors.  About iuvo  iuvo is a Boston-based IT consulting company and managed services partner empowering businesses all over the US with innovative IT solutions and exceptional service. Since 2007 we've been disrupting the IT industry to bring exceptional service to co-managed and in-house IT teams across the nation. Our core belief is that information technology should accelerate the growth of your business and not be a constraint. Managed Services, IT Consulting & Strategy, Virtual CIO, Secure AI, DevOps, Security Services, Cloud Services and more are part of our offerings to make our clients successful.  About Channel Futures  Channel Futures is a media and events destination for the information and communication technologies (ICT) channel community. We provide information, perspective, and connection for the entire channel ecosystem, including solution providers (SPs), managed service providers (MSPs), managed security service providers (MSSPs), cloud service providers (CSPs), value-added resellers (VARs) and distributors, technology solutions brokerages, subagent and agents, as well as leading technology vendor partners and communication providers.  Channel Futures is where the world meets the channel; we are leading Channel Partners forward. Our properties include awards programs such as the Channel Futures MSP 501, a list of the most influential and fastest-growing providers of managed services in the technology industry; Channel Partners events, which delivers unparalleled in-person events including Channel Partners Conference & Expo and MSP Summit. Our DEI Community Group initiative educates, supports, and promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) in the ICT channel industry. More information is available at channelfutures.com.  Channel Futures is part of Informa Tech, a market-leading B2B information provider with depth and specialization in the ICT sector. We welcome 14,000+ subscribers annually to our research, more than 4 million unique monthly visitors to our digital communities, 18,200+ students to our training programs and 225,000 delegates to our events.  Media Contacts  Dave Raffo MSP Editor, MSP 501 Manager david.raffo@informa.com  Katie Egley Senior Marketing Manager katie.egley@informa.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514345/iuvo-ranked-among-elite-managed-service-providers-on-channel-futures-2024-next-generation-list)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1fisuou/iuvo_named_as_premier_managed_service_provider_on/