# Act Bar Launches in Earthbar: Redefining Protein Bars with a Purpose

SANTA MONICA, CA, June 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Act Bar, an emerging better-for-you protein bar brand and a leader in sustainable snacking and community engagement, is proud to announce that they can now be found in select Earthbar stores. Act Bar is a line of vegan, all-natural, upcycled protein bars offering customers a protein-packed snack while supporting a worthy cause.  Not only are Act Bars delicious, non-GMO, and packed with 12 grams of plant protein…Act Bar is setting new standards for social responsibility. For every 1 Act Bar purchased, 1 meal is donated in partnership with LA Food Bank. In addition, every bar prevents 3 gallons of water waste through the use of upcycled grains.   "Earthbar is a true icon and we could not be more humbled and proud to call them our first retail partner," said Founder and CEO, Amelia Allen.   The Earthbar consumer and the Act Bar consumer are very similar. Earthbar shares Act Bars' commitment to sustainability and social responsibility, making it the perfect partner for this collaboration. With a focus on providing customers with the highest quality products to support their health and wellness goals, Earthbar offers a curated selection of natural, organic, and functional products that align with Act Bars' values and mission.  "We are excited to offer Act Bar to our guests," said Earthbar Chairman, Bob Lustig. "I'm a big fan of what the brand stands for and their dedication to making a difference in terms of personal, environmental and community wellness."  Act Bar is a pioneering brand in the better-for-you protein bar market, dedicated to redefining snacking through sustainability and social responsibility. Act Bars are vegan, non-gmo, and packed with 12 grams of protein. Each bar is crafted using upcycled grains, preventing 3 gallons of water waste with every bar produced. Committed to community impact, Act Bar partners with the LA Food Bank to donate one meal for every bar purchased. Founded by Amelia Allen, Act Bar strives to set new standards in eco-friendly snacking, proving that small actions can drive significant change. Join us in our mission to nourish people and the planet, one bar at a time. For more information, visit www.actbar.com. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511754/act-bar-launches-in-earthbar-redefining-protein-bars-with-a-purpose)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1dhs8jp/act_bar_partners_with_earthbar_to_expand/