# ERZIA Expands Reach Within the USA with New Distribution Partner Impulse Technologies

SANTANDER, SPAIN, June 17, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ERZIA, the European leader in designing and manufacturing amplifiers and microwave assemblies for extreme environments, announces a new distribution partnership with Impulse Technologies, a manufacturer and distributor of RF components based in New York. As ERZIA continues to grow and expand its reach in the United States, it was natural to partner with an industry pioneer and trusted RF distributor.  Impulse Technologies is renowned for providing space-grade and military-grade products that epitomize ERZIA's high standards of quality and reliability. Catering to Aerospace, Commercial, Defense, and Telecommunications sectors, Impulse Technologies offers comprehensive solutions encompassing engineering, export licensing, procurement, repairs, and more. As an ITAR and ISO9001:2015 certified company, they ensure top-tier quality in every product and service, and they've been a trusted industry provider for more than 30 years.  ERZIA has experienced exponential growth in the past few years, celebrating its 20th anniversary and doubling product production. The company also expanded its facilities in Santander, Spain to accommodate the growth of the team and recently renewed its ISO 9001 certificationWith a strong presence already established in Europe, ERZIA has been expanding its representation in the US, first working with a partner on the West Coast, and now with Impulse Technologies, who is strategically located on the East Coast, with easy access to ERZIA's subsidiary office in Virginia.  "This is a great opportunity for ERZIA to extend our reach to Aerospace, Commercial, Defense, and Telecommunications industries within the USA who rely upon Impulse Technologies to provide the kinds of high-reliability products with excellent performance that ERZIA provides," said ERZIA's Managing Director David Diez. Andrew Dunham, Impulse Technologies' COO also expressed excitement about the partnership: "We are proud to partner with ERZIA as an authorized reseller. Their state-of-the-art products and focus on quality and innovation is a perfect match for our standards as an industry-leading RF component distributor."  Both companies will be exhibiting at the International Microwave Symposium in Washington, DC this week. ERZIA will be at booth #428 and Impulse Technologies at booth #1144. Come learn more about ERZIA products and celebrate the partnership with both teams.  About ERZIA:  ERZIA's the leading global supplier of GaN and GaAs solid-state power amplifiers, low-noise amplifiers, microwave amplifiers, filters, mixers, frequency converters, and microwave-integrated subsystems, focusing on high-performance, high-reliability applications for EW, Satcom, Space, and Radar industries. Established in 2002, ERZIA's headquarters are in Santander, Spain with a subsidiary in Virginia, USA.  About Impulse Technologies:  Impulse Technologies stands at the forefront of RF component distribution and manufacturing, specializing in space-grade and military-grade products, with the highest standards of quality and reliability. Catering to Aerospace, Commercial, Defense, and Telecommunications sectors, Impulse Technologies delivers solutions in engineering, export licensing, procurement, repairs, and more. An ITAR and ISO9001:2015 certified company, Impulse Technologies has been a trusted advisor and provider in the industry for over three decades. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511742/erzia-expands-reach-within-the-usa-with-new-distribution-partner-impulse-technologies) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 