# Revelation and hope for Masan, Shincheonji Revelation Bible Seminar attracts more than 16000 including 100 pastors gathered

BRISBANE, AUSTRALIA, September 27, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- On the 25th of September, Shincheonji Church of Jesus held a grand seminar on the "Testimony of the Fulfillment of Revelation" in Masan, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea with Chairman Lee Man-hee giving a sermon on the Book of Revelation. The seminar entailed, explanation of the prophecies and realities of the Book of Revelation. This is the first time since 1995 that a bible seminar of such a scale had been held in Masan.  According to Shincheonji Church of Jesus, the event was held in response to continuous requests from pastors and believers in the Gyeongnam region who attended the seminars previously held in Ulsan and Busan this past January. The event, hosted at Masan Church, saw the participation of over 100 pastors, 50 journalists, and approximately 16,000 members, and concluded successfully.  Meanwhile, Shincheonji Church of Jesus reported that as of the end of last month, 727 domestic churches had signed Memorandum of Understanding (MOUs) for Bible exchanges with Shincheonji. As of the 5th of this month, 13,053 churches across 84 countries have signed MOUs with Shincheonji Church of Jesus. Notably, 1,671 churches in 43 countries have joined Shincheonji Church of Jesus and changed their church signboards.  At the event, several pastors commented including Pastor Lee, who has been in ministry for over 40 years. He said "I attended seminary, but I was not taught about the Book of Revelation and I was neglectful." He added, "I came to understand the Bible as a whole by studying the revealed words of Shincheonji Church of Jesus." "While talking with fellow pastors, I feel that my understanding of the Book of Revelation is expanding," he said.  An official from Shincheonji Church of Jesus also explains the benefits of connecting and joining in seminars with other church and religious leaders. He comments, "A positive virtuous cycle of sharing the Word through constant exchanges with pastors and deepening faith in the process continues to occur," adding, "As a result, more places are requesting sermons and lectures." . "This trend is expected to spread in the future."  The church that 318,034 individuals have chosen over the past three years, the whole world is gathering around Shincheonji. In 2019, 103,764 graduated In 2022, 106,186 graduated In 2023, 108,084 graduated  Shincheonji Church of Jesus, the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony testifies to the revelation and things that have been seen and heard according to God's will and is working to heal all nations. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514715/revelation-and-hope-for-masan-shincheonji-revelation-bible-seminar-attracts-more-than-16000-including-100-pastors-gathered) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 