# Caddis Cloud Solutions and Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure Forge Strategic Alliance to Revolutionize Data Center Technology

Caddis Cloud Solutions, a leading global advisory firm in data center development, cloud capacity sourcing, and end-user deployment, announces a strategic partnership with Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure, an experienced, cutting-edge technology company dedicated to creating advanced, sustainable and customized data center solutions. Together, Caddis and Ultrascale are poised to revolutionize the data center industry by providing clients with innovative, sustainable and comprehensive solutions ready for the Age of AI. This partnership marks a significant step forward in addressing the unprecedented challenges of digital infrastructure and modern data center operations.

Caddis’ expertise in comprehensive data center development combined with Ultrascale’s innovative cooling and sustainable design technologies enable clients to activate a robust suite of services including site master planning, capital partner management, strategic data center development, cloud capacity sourcing, end-user deployment, and patented immersion cooling solutions. Ultrascale's immersion cooling technology provides data centers with unmatched efficiency and sustainability by reducing energy consumption by up to 70%, while eliminating the need for water and toxic chemicals associated with traditional data centers. These comprehensive solutions are designed for both new constructions and existing facilities, allowing for phased implementation to minimize disruption and downtime.

“Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure and Caddis Cloud Solutions share an innovative spirit and core philosophy that make this new partnership a natural match,” said Arnold Magcale, founder and CEO of Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure. “We’re both deeply committed to holistic solutions that are uniquely designed to stand the test of time, rather than cookie-cutter fixes that can leave clients behind the curve - scrambling to catch up. Ultrascale’s sustainable cooling technology and customizable data center designs are a perfect complement to Caddis’ ground-breaking real-estate infrastructure approach. We’re excited to begin partnering with the top talent at Caddis and look forward to delivering exceptional results for our clients.”

“Partnering with Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure allows us to elevate our service offerings and provide our clients with innovative and sustainable data center solutions,” said Scott Jarnagin, founder and CEO of Caddis Cloud Solutions. "Most traditional data centers rely on freshwater cooling systems to manage the heat generated by electronic equipment, but those systems are costly and waste massive amounts of water. By incorporating Ultrascale’s advanced cooling technology, we can continue to deliver solutions that significantly reduce energy consumption and environmental impacts, setting a new benchmark for the industry.”

The new alliance will help clients confidently navigate the rapidly evolving data center market while delivering the sustainable, reliable and customizable outcomes needed to withstand the test-of-time. The partnership is effective immediately.

About Caddis Cloud Solutions

Caddis Cloud Solutions is a premier global advisory firm specializing in strategic Data Center development, cloud capacity sourcing, and end-user deployment. With over 25 years of experience in bridging the gap between cloud capacity supply and demand, the firm ensures clients – from hyperscalers to enterprises, to cloud infrastructure providers, data center developers and operators, and others – receive tailored solutions for their cloud infrastructure needs. Caddis aims to form long-term partnerships with clients that extend beyond single engagements. For more information, please visit: www.caddiscloud.com

About Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure

Ultrascale Digital Infrastructure is a visionary technology company founded with a single purpose: to deliver the most innovative, sustainable and customizable data center solutions on the market, without compromising its core commitment to the environment. Ultrascale technology is strategically engineered to empower tomorrow’s data centers – today, while also supporting individual business executives, entrepreneurs, innovators, creators, government leaders, NGO’s and disenfranchised communities across the globe. But Ultrascale isn’t stopping here on planet earth. Ultrascale designs are already being used by its partners in space. For more information visit UltrascaleDI.com.

Contact DetailsKite Hill PR

Lara Schembri

+1 202-262-5311

lara@kitehillpr.com

Company Websitehttps://caddiscloud.com/

View source version on newsdirect.com: https://newsdirect.com/news/caddis-cloud-solutions-and-ultrascale-digital-infrastructure-forge-strategic-alliance-to-revolutionize-data-center-technology-143237801 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://newsdirect.com/news/caddis-cloud-solutions-and-ultrascale-digital-infrastructure-forge-strategic-alliance-to-revolutionize-data-center-technology-143237801) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 