# Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame Announces Inaugural 2024 Inductees

ST. PAUL, MN, October 04, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- The Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame (MIHOF) is proud to announce its Inaugural 2024 inductees, honoring exemplary professionals whose contributions have significantly impacted the insurance industry in Minnesota and beyond. The new inductees will be officially celebrated at the annual induction ceremony held on October 24, 2024, at the University of St. Thomas. The University of St. Thomas is hosting and facilitating the 2024 event.  The Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame recognizes individuals who have demonstrated exceptional leadership, innovation, and service in the insurance field. The 2024 inductees exemplify these qualities, reflecting a shared commitment to advancing the insurance industry and improving the lives of countless individuals and businesses.  This year's distinguished inductees are:  Charles Clysdale – Founder and Past President, Maguire Agency Mike Donohoe – Chairman of the Board, Weir Agency Jeffrey Fetters – Chairman, Federated Insurance Jim Hays – Founder and Former President and CEO, Hays Companies John Lynch – Former Vice President and Chairman – Midwest, St. Paul Fire and Marine (St. Paul Companies) Jeff Mauland – Chairman of the Board and Retired President and CEO, North Star Mutual Insurance Company Mary McClure – Founder and Agency Owner and Agent, McClure Agency Neil McKay – Senior Vice President and Chief Actuary, Allianz Life Jack Meusey – Founder and Past President, Meusey Communications Debra Newman – Founder and Past President, Newman Long Term Care Gene Storms – Retired Managing Partner, Northwestern Mutual  Auto -Owners Insurance Company Jeff Harrold, Retired Chairman of the Board and CEO Jeff Tagsold, Retired Chairman of the Board and CEO  Lifetime Achievement C. Arthur Williams, University of Minnesota Former Professor of Risk Management, Former Dean of the College of Business Administration, and Former Chairman of the Finance and Insurance department  "The Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame exists to honor the individuals who have made a lasting impact on our industry, and this year's inductees truly embody the highest standards of professionalism, integrity, and dedication," said Dan Riley, Chair of the Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame Committee.  Established in 2024, the MIHOF has been created to celebrate the achievements of insurance professionals in the state of Minnesota. Inductees are selected based on their long-standing dedication to advancing the insurance industry, mentorship of future generations, and community involvement.  For more information on the Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame and this year's induction ceremony, please visit https://give.stthomas.edu/impact/rmi-give/mn-insurance-hof/index.html or contact Christine Siebert at christine@siebertcg.com  About the Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame   The Minnesota Insurance Hall of Fame was founded to recognize those individuals who have made significant contributions to the insurance industry in Minnesota. The inaugural event is being hosted and facilitated by the University of St. Thomas. The Hall of Fame is dedicated to honoring the accomplishments of leaders who have shaped the future of the industry through innovation, expertise, and a commitment to service. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/514929/minnesota-insurance-hall-of-fame-announces-inaugural-2024-inductees)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AwardsAndRecognition/comments/1fvtdn7/minnesota_insurance_hall_of_fame_announces_2024/