# Spotter Global Announces the World's First Fully-Integrated Dual Classification Radar AI & Video AI System with NetworkedIO 6.0

OREM, UT, April 12, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Protectors of the Electrical Grid and Critical Infrastructure as well as those charged with safeguarding government, military, and corporate sites vigilantly guard against the constant possibility of both ground-based and airborne threats. However, as security personnel in these sectors are required to monitor increasingly large volumes of space, they are too often overwhelmed by the number of alarms generated by their security systems.   With Spotter's NetworkedIO (NIO) version 6.0 security professionals will have their alarms auto classified by both Radar and Video Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms and behavioral filters such as direction, duration, distance traveled, etc. With this combined dual AI classification solution security personnel are guaranteed to have an even further reduction of false alarms and be able to respond faster and more efficiently to actual incidents so they are better able to prevent harm to the facilities and people they protect.  Key features: - First Fully integrated system, Command and Control (C2), Radar AI and Video AI installed on a single NIO embedded computer or rack mount appliance (no additional servers required) - Supports many camera manufacturers including, Avigilon, Axis and Bosch with more on the way - Scaleable & Affordable: Buy just what you need, one camera at a time - Both ground targets and drone Video AI models will be supplied with the NIO - Radar AI functions unimpeded by bad weather conditions or bad lighting - Fully customizable behavior filters for reliable performance under all conditions - All software developed and supported by Spotter in the USA  Logan Harris will be demonstrating a preview of NIO 6.0 at ISC West booth #19125 in Venetian Conference Center, Las Vegas. Presentation times are at 11 am and 3:30 pm Pacific time on April 10th and 11th, 2024.  Spotter Global was founded 15 years ago to enable Protectors of Critical Infrastructure and Warfighters with compact radar and other technologies so that they could protect themselves and Prevent Harm. Since that time, Spotter Global has expanded its offering to include radars with ranges from 100m to 2000m for tracking both ground targets as well as drones. With NetworkedIO for site level management and the Integrated Management Center (IMC) Spotter can provide customers with all the tools required to manage and maintain enterprise level security systems.  Spotter Global supports Critical Infrastructure, Mobile Military and Maritime customers across the world with Field Service Engineers and Business liaisons stationed around the globe. Our software is built from the ground up with dedicated personnel who ensure the highest quality and concern for customer security in the USA. We are proud to operate, manufacture, design and assemble our products here in the USA.  Related Link: https://www.spotterglobal.com 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/510001/spotter-global-announces-the-worlds-first-fully-integrated-dual-classification-radar-ai-video-ai-system-with-networkedio-60) 

[Newsramp.com TLDR](https://newsramp.com/None) 