# CARC, INC, names new Director of Development and Communications

CARLSBAD, NM, June 13, 2024 /24-7PressRelease/ -- CARC, INC. has named Karla Niemeier as Director of Development and Communications to lead the organization's fundraising, external communications, and marketing initiatives. She will direct efforts to increase and diversify funding while enhancing CARC's brand recognition.  A former Executive Director of Carlsbad MainStreet, Niemeier has more than 15 years of experience in leadership roles with seven years of experience in direct fundraising. Her public relations experience includes roles in workforce development, as well as public and government affairs.   Niemeier will focus on overseeing CARC's capital campaign and major fundraising initiatives and lead CARC's government and foundation grant writing and compliance efforts. Her role will also encompass developing and coordinating all CARC's marketing, communications, advertising and public relations strategies and enhancing social media, website content and media relations to boost CARC's brand visibility and presence.   Prior to her role at CARC, Niemeier was the public relations manager at CEHMM, a Carlsbad nonprofit which has created programs that address cooperative conservation, educational outreach and job creation. She has Bachelor of Science degree in Integrated Studies: Education/Psychology from Abilene Christian University.  "We are excited to welcome Karla into the CARC family," said CEO Mark Schinnerer. "In concert with the Board of Directors and the CARC management team, she will help develop short- and long-term fundraising plans, as well as marketing and communications plans aligned with the organizational goals."  "I'm delighted to have this great opportunity to serve CARC as they embark on their next 50 years of serving the Carlsbad community," Niemeier said. "I am honored that I get to share the mission of CARC and their work with the developmentally disabled community with the public."  CARC, INC. is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization that serves adults with developmental disabilities and children birth to three years who have or are at risk of having developmental delays. CARC provides early intervention, respite, employment, residential and community support services. CARC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer. For more information, please visit www.carcinc.org. 

[Original/Source Press Release](https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/511696/carc-inc-names-new-director-of-development-and-communications)
                    

[Newsramp.com TLDR](None) 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Business_NewsRamp/comments/1det2x8/carc_inc_appoints_karla_niemeier_as_director_of/